1.	Mood and health-related quality of life among pediatric patients with heart failure  
2.	Mood and memory deficits in a model of gulf war illness are linked with reduced neurogenesis, partial neuron loss, and mild inflammation in the hippocampus 
3.	Motivational Reserve: Motivation-Related Occupational Abilities and Risk of Mild CognitiveImpairment and Alzheimer Disease 
4.	Motivational reserve: Motivation-related occupational abilities and risk of mildcognitiveimpairment and Alzheimer disease.  
5.	Motor and Non-Motor Features of Parkinson's Disease - A Review of Clinical and Experimental Studies 
6.	Motor and mental dysfunction in mother-daughter transmitted FXTAS 
7.	Multifactorial etiology of interictal behavior in frontal and temporal lobe epilepsy 
8.	Multiple Sclerosis Decreases Explicit Counterfactual Processing and Risk Taking in Decision Making 
9.	N-Terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide, Homocysteine and Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Gene Polymorphism in Elderly Depressed  and Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients 
10.	NIA-funded Alzheimer centers are more efficient than commercial clinical recruitment sites for conducting secondary prevention trials of dementia 
11.	Neural and behavioral substrates of subtypes of Parkinson's disease. 
12.	Neural basis of the association between depressive symptoms and memory deficits in nondemented subjects: Resting-state fMRI study 
13.	Neural correlates of the interactive relationship between memory deficits and depressive symptoms in nondemented elderly: Resting fMRI study 
14.	Neuroanatomical Correlates of Apathy in Parkinson's Disease: A Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study Using Voxel-Based Morphometry 
15.	Neurobehavioral Dysfunction in Patients with Subcortical Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment and Subcortical Vascular Dementia 
16.	Neurocognitive correlates of nocturnal oxygen desaturation in a memory clinic population 
17.	Neurocognitive deficits and personality traits among euthymic patients with mood disorders in late life 
18.	Neurocognitive impairment and psychiatric comorbidity in well-controlled human immunodeficiency virusinfected Thais from the 2NN Cohort Study 
19.	Neurocognitive impairment and psychiatric comorbidity in well-controlled human immunodeficiency virus-infected Thais from the 2NN Cohort Study 
20.	Neuroglialpharmacology: white matter pathophysiologies and psychiatric treatments 
21.	Neuroimaging Markers of Motor and Nonmotor Features of Parkinson's Disease: An [F-18]Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron Emission Computed Tomography Study 
22.	Neuroimaging in Psychiatry 
23.	Neuroimaging of cognitive dysfunction and depression in aging retired national football league players 
24.	Neuroimaging of cognitive dysfunction and depression in aging retired National Football League players: a cross-sectional study. 
25.	Neuroimaging of Cognitive Dysfunction and Depression in Aging Retired National Football League Players A Cross-sectional Study 
26.	Neuroimaging studies of different cognitive profiles in Parkinson's disease 
27.	Neurokinin(3)-R agonism in aged rats has anxiolytic-, antidepressant-, and promnestic-like effects and stimulates ACh release in frontal cortex, amygdala and hippocampus 
28.	Neurological signs and late-life depressive symptoms in a community population: the ESPRIT study 
29.	Neurology and neurologic practice in China 
30.	Neuropathology of Prodromal Lewy Body Disease 
31.	Neuropathology of mild cognitive impairment. 
32.	Neuropsychiatric Lupus: The Prevalence and Autoantibody Associations Depend on the Definition: Results from the 1000 Faces of Lupus Cohort 
33.	Neuropsychiatric Predictors of Progression from Amnestic-Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Disease: The Role of Depression and Apathy 
34.	Neuropsychiatric Symptoms and Functional Status in Alzheimer's Disease and Vascular Dementia Patients 
35.	Neuropsychiatric Symptoms and Global Functional Impairment along the Alzheimer's Continuum 
36.	Neuropsychiatric Symptoms and the Risk of Institutionalization and Death: The Aging, Demographics, and Memory Study 
37.	Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: Increased Risk and Faster Progression to Dementia 
38.	Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Older People with and Without Cognitive Impairment 
39.	Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease with Mild Cognitive Impairment and Dementia 
40.	Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Patients with Aortic Aneurysms 
41.	Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in an Inpatient Parkinson's Disease Sample 
42.	Neuropsychiatric disturbances in essential tremor [Alteraciones neuropsiquiátricas en el temblor esencial] 
43.	Neuropsychiatric disturbances in essential tremor. 
44.	Neuropsychiatric predictors of conversion to dementia both in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment and those with subcortical vascular MCI 
45.	Neuropsychiatric predictors of conversion to dementia both in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment and those with subcortical vascular MCI. 
46.	Neuropsychiatric predictors of conversion to dementia both in patients with amnestic mildcognitive impairment and those with subcortical vascular MCI 
47.	Neuropsychiatric predictors of progression from amnestic - Mild cognitive impairment to alzheimer's disease: The role of depression and apathy 
48.	Neuropsychiatric predictors of progression from amnestic-mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease: the role of depression and apathy. 
49.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms and Quality of Life in patients with very mild and mild Alzheimer's disease 
50.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms and global functional impairment along the Alzheimer's continuum 
51.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms and intelligence quotient in autosomal dominant Segawa disease 
52.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms and syndromes in institutionalized elderly people without dementia 
53.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms are associated with increased risks of progression to dementia: A 2-year prospective study of 321 Chinese older persons with mild cognitive impairment 
54.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms are associated with increased risks of progression to dementia: a 2-year prospective study of 321 Chinese older persons with mild cognitive impairment. 
55.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms are associated with increased risks of progression to dementia: a 2-year prospective study of 321 Chinese older persons with mild cognitive impairment 
56.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms as risk factors for progression from CIND to dementia: The Cache County Study 
57.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease: Past progress and anticipation of the future 
58.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in MCI subtypes: The importance of executive dysfunction 
59.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in Nigerian patients with Parkinson's disease 
60.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment and dementia. 
61.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in Parkinson's disease: What rocks the cradle? 
62.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in mild cognitive impairement: Differences by subtype and progression to dementia 
63.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease [Síntomas psicológicos y conductuales en deterioro cognitivo leve y enfermedad de Alzheimer] 
64.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in mild cognitive impairment: differences by subtype and progression to dementia 
65.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in older adults with and without dementia in urban and rural regions. Results of the 10/66 Dementia Research Group in Mexico 
66.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in older adults with dementia and their relationship to disease severity 
67.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in older people with and without cognitive impairment 
68.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in parkinsons disease with mild cognitive impairment and dementia 
69.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in patients with idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus 
70.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in mild cognitive impairment: differences by subtype and progression to dementia. 
71.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease 
72.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in mild cognitive impairment: a population-based study 
73.	Neuropsychiatric symptoms in mild cognitive impairment: differences by subtype and progression to dementia 
74.	Neuropsychological Patterns Differ by Type of Left Ventricle Dysfunction in Heart Failure 
75.	Neuropsychological Predictors of Dementia in Late-Life Major Depressive Disorder 
76.	Neuropsychological and neuroanatomical sequelae of chronic non-malignant pain and opioid analgesia 
77.	Neuropsychological correlates of apathy in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: the role of executive functioning. 
78.	Neuropsychological correlates of apathy in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: the role of executive functioning. 
79.	Neuropsychological correlates of apathy in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: the role of executive functioning 
80.	Neuropsychological decline in schizophrenia from the premorbid to the postonset period: Evidence from a population-representative longitudinal study 
81.	Neuropsychological evaluation in primary care 
82.	Neuropsychological features of patients with spinocerebellar ataxia (SCA) types 1, 2, 3, and 6 
83.	Neuropsychological findings in patients with Unverricht-Lundborg disease 
84.	Neuropsychological function in unmedicated recurrent brief depression 
85.	Neuropsychological function in unmedicated recurrent brief depression 
86.	Neuropsychological functioning in late-life depression 
87.	Neuropsychological functioning of combat veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder and mild traumatic brain injury 
88.	Neuropsychological functioning of combat veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder and mildtraumatic brain injury 
89.	Neuropsychological measures predict decline to Alzheimer's dementia from mildcognitiveimpairment.  
90.	Neuropsychological outcome after a first symptomatic ischaemic stroke with 'good recovery' 
91.	Neuropsychological outcomes in OEF/OIF veterans with self-report of blast exposure: Associations with mental health, but not MTBI.  
92.	Neuropsychological outcomes of mild traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress disorder and depression in Iraq-deployed US Army soldiers 
93.	Neuropsychological outcomes of mild traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress disorder anddepression in Iraq-deployed US Army soldiers 
94.	Neuropsychological profiles in MCI and in depression: Differential cognitive dysfunction patterns or similar final common pathway disorder? 
95.	Neuropsychological profiles in MCI and in depression: Differential cognitive dysfunction patterns or similar final common pathway disorder? 
96.	Neuropsychological signs of Alzheimer's disease 8 years prior to diagnosis 
97.	Neuropsychological study of young adults with subjective memory complaints: involvement of the executive functions and other associated frontal symptoms 
98.	Neuropsychology and cognitive health in healthy older adults: A brief overview for psychiatric nurses 
99.	Neuroticism, Extraversion, and Motor Function in Community-Dwelling Older Persons 
100.	Neurotoxic saboteurs: straws that break the hippo's (hippocampus) back drive cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's Disease. 
101.	New Alzheimer's disease guidelines: Implications for clinicians 
102.	New targets for DBS 
103.	Nicotine reverses anhedonic-like response and cognitive impairment in the rat chronic mild stress model of depression: comparison with sertraline 
104.	Nicotinic Receptors in Neurodegeneration 
105.	No Diagnostic Value of Plasma Clusterin in Alzheimer's Disease 
106.	Non-Alzheimer's disease-related memory impairment and dementia 
107.	Nonliteral language in Alzheimer dementia: a review. 
108.	Nonmotor symptoms in Parkinson's disease 
109.	Nonmotor symptoms in Parkinson's disease and deep brain stimulation [Síntomas no motores en la enfermedad de Parkinson y estimulación cerebral profunda] 
110.	Nonverbal Memory Tasks in Early Differential Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease and UnipolarDepression 
111.	Normative CERAD-NP Performance Among Community-Dwelling Older Adults in Ireland 
112.	Nutritional risk and cognitive impairment in the elderly 
113.	Nutritional risk and cognitive impairment in the elderly 
114.	Nutritional status in older adults with mild cognitive impairment living in elderly homes in Cairo, Egypt 
115.	Nutritional status in older adults with mild cognitive impairment living in elderly homes in Cairo, Egypt. 
116.	Nutritional status in older adults with mild cognitive impairment living in elderly homes in Cairo, Egypt 
117.	ONE-YEAR LONGITUDINAL STUDY OF FATIGUE, COGNITIVE FUNCTIONS, AND QUALITY OF LIFE AFTER ADJUVANT RADIOTHERAPY FOR BREAST CANCER 
118.	Obesity as a risk factor for poor neurocognitive outcomes in older adults with heart failure 
119.	Obstructive sleep apnea, verbal memory, and executive function in a community-based high-risk population identified by the Berlin Questionnaire Akershus Sleep Apnea Project 
120.	Occupational status and social adjustment six months after hospitalization early in the course of bipolar disorder: a prospective study 
121.	Occurrence of cognitive impairment and depressive symptoms among the elderly in a nursing home facility 
122.	Occurrence of depression and its correlates in early onset dementia patients 
123.	Occurrence of neuropsychiatric symptoms and psychiatric disorders in mild Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment subtypes 
124.	Occurrence of neuropsychiatric symptoms and psychiatric disorders in mild Alzheimer's disease andmild cognitive impairment subtypes. 
125.	Occurrence of neuropsychiatric symptoms and psychiatric disorders in mild Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment subtypes 
126.	Occurrence of Cognitive Impairment and Depressive Symptoms Among the Elderly in a Nursing Home Facility 
127.	Occurrence of depression and its correlates in early onset dementia patients 
128.	Odor Identification and Mortality in Old Age 
129.	Odour recognition memory and odour identification in patients with mild and severe major depressive disorders 
130.	Old worries and new anxieties: Behavioral symptoms and mild cognitive impairment in a population study 
131.	Old worries and new anxieties: behavioral symptoms and mild cognitive impairment in a population study. 
132.	Older people with mild cognitive impairment Their views about assessing driving safety 
133.	Olfaction and apathy in Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, and healthy older adults 
134.	Olfaction and apathy in Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, and healthy older adults. 
135.	Olfaction and apathy in Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, and healthy older adults 
136.	Olfactory Deficits in Normal Aging and Alzheimer's Disease in the Polish Elderly Population 
137.	Olfactory Dysfunction Is Associated with Neuropsychiatric Manifestations in Parkinson's Disease 
138.	Olfactory Dysfunction is Associated with Subjective Memory Complaints in Community-Dwelling Elderly Individuals 
139.	One-year longitudinal study of fatigue, cognitive functions, and quality of life after adjuvant radiotherapy for breast cancer 
140.	Online memory screening - are older adults interested and can it work? 
141.	Onset of work restriction in employed adults with lower limb joint pain: Individual factors and area-level socioeconomic conditions 
142.	Openness to experience is related to better memory ability in older adults with questionable dementia 
143.	Oral health and mortality risk in the institutionalised elderly 
144.	Oral language comprehension assessment among elderly: A population based study in Brazil 
145.	Outcome over seven years of healthy adults with and without subjective cognitive impairment 
146.	Overall quality of life in persons with dementia 
147.	Overdiagnosis of dementia in young patients-a nationwide register-based study 
148.	Overgenerality of Autobiographical Memory in People with Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairmentand Early Alzheimer's Disease 
149.	Overview and findings from the religious orders study 
150.	Ozonized autohaemotransfusion could be a potential rapid-acting antidepressant medication in elderly patients 
151.	PET scanning of brain tau in retired national football league players: Preliminary findings 
152.	Pacific northwest udall center of excellence clinical consortium: Study design and baseline cohort characteristics 
153.	Pain and health-care utilization among older men in a veterans care home 
154.	Pain and mild traumatic brain injury: The implications of pain severity on emotional and cognitive functioning 
155.	Pain and mild traumatic brain injury: The implications of pain severity on emotional and cognitivefunctioning 
156.	Parkinson Disease Phenotype in Ashkenazi Jews With and Without LRRK2 G2019S Mutations 
157.	Parkinson's disease-cognitive rating scale: Psychometrics for mild cognitive impairment 
158.	Participation and Quality of Life of Cognitively Impaired Older Women in Israel Following Hip Fractures. 
159.	Patient and carer views on participating in clinical trials for prodromal Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment 
160.	Patient management problem 
161.	Patient reported outcomes in benign multiple sclerosis 
162.	Patterns of Reduced Cortical Thickness in Late-Life Depression and Relationship to Psychotherapeutic Response 
163.	Patterns of mild cognitive impairment after treatment of depression in the elderly 
164.	Patterns of neuropsychological impairment in Alzheimer's disease and mixed dementia 
165.	Patterns of Mild Cognitive Impairment After Treatment of Depression in the Elderly 
166.	Patterns of mild cognitive impairment after treatment of depression in the elderly. 
167.	Perceived Cognitive Impairment among African American elders: health and functional impairments in daily life 
168.	Perceptions of subjective memory complaint in older adults: the Illness Perception Questionnaire - Memory (IPQ-M) 
169.	Performance-based measures of everyday function in mild cognitive impairment 
170.	Personality Traits and Behavioural and Psychological Symptoms in Patients with Mild CognitiveImpairment 
171.	Personality and Cognitive Decline in the Baltimore Epidemiologic Catchment Area Follow-up Study. 
172.	Personality and Psychological Health in Persons with Mild Cognitive Impairment 
173.	Personality and psychological health in persons with mild cognitive impairment 
174.	Personality and psychological health in persons with mild cognitive impairment. 
175.	Personality and risk of Alzheimer's disease: New data and meta-analysis 
176.	Personality traits and behavioural and psychological symptoms in patients with mild cognitive impairment 
177.	Personality traits and behavioural and psychological symptoms in patients with mild cognitive impairment. 
178.	Physical Activity and Risk of Cognitive Impairment Among Oldest-Old Women. 
179.	Physical Exercise, Aging, and Mild Cognitive Impairment A Population-Based Study 
180.	Physical activity reduces the risk of dementia in mild cognitive impairment subjects: A cohort study 
181.	Physical and sociopsychological characteristics of older community residents with mild cognitive impairment as assessed by the Japanese version of the montreal cognitive assessment 
182.	Physical exercise is associated with less neurocognitive impairment among HIV-infected adults 
183.	Physical exercise, aging, and mild cognitive impairment a population-based study 
184.	Physical exercise, aging, and mild cognitive impairment: a population-based study. 
185.	Physical frailty is associated with incident mild cognitive impairment in community-based older persons 
186.	Physical frailty is associated with incident mild cognitive impairment in community-based older persons. 
187.	Physiological and cognitive mediators for the association between self-reported depressed mood and impaired choice stepping reaction time in older people 
188.	Physiological and Cognitive Mediators for the Association Between Self-reported Depressed Mood and Impaired Choice Stepping Reaction Time in Older People 
189.	Pilot Study to Show the Feasibility of a Multicenter Trial of Home-based Assessment of People Over 75 Years Old 
190.	Pilot Testing a Couples-Focused Intervention for Mild Cognitive Impairment 
191.	Pilot study of a cognitive intervention program for persons with multiple sclerosis 
192.	Piribedil: Antiparkinsonian properties and potential clinical utility in dopaminergic disorders 
193.	Plaque Deposition Dependent Decrease in 5-HT2A Serotonin Receptor in A beta PPswe/PS1dE9 Amyloid Overexpressing Mice 
194.	Plasma Amyloid Beta-42 Independently Predicts Both Late-Onset Depression and Alzheimer Disease 
195.	Plasma Amyloid-beta Forms in Alzheimer's Disease and Non-Alzheimer's Disease Patients 
196.	Plasma BDNF levels are correlated with aggressiveness in patients with amnestic mild cognitiveimpairment or Alzheimer disease 
197.	Plasma Beta Amyloid Level and Depression in Older Adults 
198.	Plasma C-reactive protein is related to cognitive deterioration and dementia in patients with mildcognitive impairment 
199.	Plasma amyloid beta-42 independently predicts both late-onset depression and Alzheimer disease 
200.	Plasma biomarkers of depressive symptoms in older adults 
201.	Plasma cortisol in Alzheimer's disease with or without depressive symptoms 
202.	Plasma homocysteine levels and different forms of vascular disease in patients with dementia and other psychogeriatric diseases 
203.	Polypharmacy in nursing home in Europe: Results from the SHELTER study 
204.	Poor insight into memory impairment in patients with Huntington disease [Ograniczony wgla{ogonek}d w zaburzenia pamie{ogonek}ci u osób z choroba{ogonek} Huntingtona] 
205.	Possibilities of medical correction of moderate cognitive impairment 
206.	Post hospital sub acute care: A new model of caring through geriatric methodology [Le cure sub acute fra ospedale e territorio: Una nuova opportunità di cura geriatrica] 
207.	Post-Training Reward Partially Restores Chronic Stress Induced Effects in Mice 
208.	Post-stroke apathy: An exploratory longitudinal study 
209.	Posterior Cingulate and Lateral Parietal Gray Matter Volume in Older Adults with Depressive Symptoms. 
210.	Posterior cingulate and lateral parietal gray matter volume in older adults with depressive symptoms 
211.	Posterior parietooccipital hypometabolism may differentiate mild cognitive impairment from dementia in Parkinson's disease 
212.	Posterior parietooccipital hypometabolism may differentiate mild cognitive impairment from dementia in Parkinson's disease. 
213.	Posterior parietooccipital hypometabolism may differentiate mild cognitive impairment from dementia in Parkinson's disease 
214.	Postoperative analgesia in elderly patients 
215.	Posttraumatic Migraine as a Predictor of Recovery and Cognitive Impairment After Sport-Related Concussion 
216.	Practical neurology-6 Memory loss 
217.	Predicting conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease using neuropsychological tests and multivariate methods 
218.	Predicting missing biomarker data in a longitudinal study of Alzheimer disease 
219.	Predicting neurodegenerative disease in idiopathic rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder: Conference proceedings, REM Sleep Behavior Symposium 2011 
220.	Prediction of Alzheimer dementia with short neuropsychological instruments 
221.	Prediction of Dementia in Primary Care Patients 
222.	Predictive Utility of Type and Duration of Symptoms at Initial Presentation in Patients with MildCognitive Impairment 
223.	Predictive utility of type and duration of symptoms at initial presentation in patients with mild cognitive impairment 
224.	Predictive utility of type and duration of symptoms at initial presentation in patients with mild cognitive impairment. 
225.	Predictive value of early decreased plasma ghrelin level for three-month cognitive deterioration in patients with mild traumatic brain injury 
226.	Predictors and outcomes for caregivers of people with mild cognitive impairment: a systematic literature review. 
227.	Predictors for poststroke outcomes: The Tel Aviv Brain Acute Stroke Cohort (TABASCO) study protocol 
228.	Predictors of Functional Recovery in Patients Admitted to Geriatric Postacute Rehabilitation 
229.	Predictors of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment using the CAMCOG: A five-year follow-up 
230.	Predictors of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment using the CAMCOG: a five-year follow-up. 
231.	Predictors of cognitive impairment in an early stage Parkinson's disease cohort. 
232.	Predictors of early adulthood quality of life in children with obsessive-compulsive disorder 
233.	Predictors of financial capacity performance in older adults using the Financial Competence Assessment Inventory 
234.	Predictors of poststroke quality of life in older Chinese adults 
235.	Predictors of Cognitive Impairment in an Early Stage Parkinson's Disease Cohort 
236.	Predictors of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment using the CAMCOG: a five-year follow-up 
237.	Premorbid IQ influence on screening tests' scores in healthy patients and patients with cognitive impairment 
238.	Premorbid personality profile in Alzheimer presymptomatic patients and vascular mild cognitive impariment patients: Is it a risk factor? [Perfil de personalidad premórbida en pacientes con demencia tipo Alzheimer presintomáticos y pacientes con deterioro cognitivo vascular no demencial. ¿es un factor de riesgo?] 
239.	Presepsis depressive symptoms are associated with incident cognitive impairment in survivors of severe sepsis: A prospective cohort study of older Americans 
240.	Prevalence and Predictors of "Subjective Cognitive Complaints" in the Sydney Memory and Ageing Study 
241.	Prevalence and Predictors of Poor Sleep Quality in Mild Cognitive Impairment. 
242.	Prevalence and associated behavioral symptoms of depression in mild cognitive impairment and dementia due to Alzheimer's disease 
243.	Prevalence and associated behavioral symptoms of depression in mild cognitive impairment and dementia due to Alzheimer's disease. 
244.	Prevalence and associated behavioral symptoms of depression in mild cognitive impairment and dementia due to Alzheimer's disease 
245.	Prevalence and characteristics of depression in mild cognitive impairment: The Sydney Memory and Ageing Study 
246.	Prevalence and characteristics of depression in mild cognitive impairment: the Sydney Memory and Ageing Study. 
247.	Prevalence and characteristics of mild cognitive impairment in the general population. Data from an Italian population-based study: The Faenza Project 
248.	Prevalence and characteristics of mild cognitive impairment in the general population. Data from an Italian population-based study: The Faenza Project. 
249.	Prevalence and clinical correlates of apathy in Parkinson's disease: A community-based study 
250.	Prevalence and correlates for sleep complaints in older adults in low and middle income countries: A 10/66 Dementia Research Group study 
251.	Prevalence and correlates of cognitive impairment in adults with subjective memory complaints in primary care centres 
252.	Prevalence and correlates of potentially undetected dementia among residents of institutional care facilities in Ontario, Canada, 2009-2011 
253.	Prevalence and predictors of "subjective cognitive complaints" in the sydney memory and ageing study 
254.	Prevalence and predictors of “subjective cognitive complaints” in the Sydney Memory and Ageing Study. 
255.	Prevalence and prognostic value of CSF markers of Alzheimer's disease pathology in patients with subjective cognitive impairment or mild cognitive impairment in the DESCRIPA study: a prospective cohort study 
256.	Prevalence and risk factors of depression in the elderly nursing home residents in Singapore 
257.	Prevalence and risk factors of depressive symptoms in a Canadian palliative home care population: a cross-sectional study 
258.	Prevalence and risk factors of depressive symptoms in latest life-results of the Leipzig Longitudinal Study of the Aged (LEILA 75 
259.	Prevalence and risk factors of depressive symptoms in latest life--results of the Leipzig Longitudinal Study of the Aged (LEILA 75 
260.	Prevalence of Neuropsychiatric Symptoms across the Declining Memory Continuum: An Observational Study in a Memory Clinic Setting. 
261.	Prevalence of Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease, and its Relationship with Cognitive Impairment 
262.	Prevalence of and factors associated with sarcopenia in elderly patients with end-stage renal disease 
263.	Prevalence of cognitive impairment in individuals aged over 65 in an urban area: DERIVA study. 
264.	Prevalence of cognitive impairment, depression, and anxiety symptoms among older adults with glaucoma 
265.	Prevalence of dementia and mild cognitive impairment in a Bulgarian urban population 
266.	Prevalence of depression and depressive symptoms among older Japanese people: comorbidity of mild cognitive impairment and depression 
267.	Prevalence of depression and depressive symptoms among older Japanese people: comorbidity of mild cognitive impairment and depression. 
268.	Prevalence of mild cognitive impairment among older adults living in Mansoura city, Egypt 
269.	Prevalence of mild cognitive impairment and its subtypes in the Mexican population 
270.	Prevalence of minor depression in elderly persons with and without mild cognitive impairment: a systematic review. 
271.	Prevalence of neuropsychiatric symptoms and their association with functional limitations in older adults in the United States: The aging, demographics, and memory study 
272.	Prevalence of neuropsychiatric symptoms in CIND and its subtypes: The cache county study 
273.	Prevalence of neuropsychiatric symptoms in chinese older persons with mild cognitive impairment-A population-based study 
274.	Prevalence of neuropsychiatric symptoms in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease, and its relationship with cognitive impairment 
275.	Prevalence of neuropsychiatric symptoms in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease, and its relationship with cognitive impairment. 
276.	Prevalence of neuropsychiatric syndromes in Alzheimer's disease (AD) 
277.	Prevalence of potentially reversible conditions in dementia and mild cognitive impairment in a geriatric clinic 
278.	Prevalence of potentially reversible conditions in dementia and mild cognitive impairment in a geriatric clinic. 
279.	Prevalence of potentially reversible conditions in dementia and mild cognitive impairment in a geriatric clinic 
280.	Prevalence of psychiatric disorders in patients with chronic solvent induced encephalopathy (CSE) 
281.	Prevalence of psychiatric morbidity amongst the community dwelling rural older adults in northern India 
282.	Prevalence of sleep disturbances in mild cognitive impairment and dementing disorders: A multicenter Italian clinical cross-sectional study on 431 patients 
283.	Prevalence of stroke and transient ischemic attack in Korean elders: Findings from the Korean longitudinal study on health and aging (KLoSHA) 
284.	Prevalence of Cognitive Impairment, Depression, and Anxiety Symptoms Among Older Adults With Glaucoma 
285.	Prevalence of Mild Cognitive Impairment and Its Subtypes in the Mexican Population 
286.	Prevalence of depression and depressive symptoms among older Japanese people: comorbidity of mild cognitive impairment and depression. 
287.	Prevalence of depression and depressive symptoms among older Japanese people: comorbidity of mild cognitive impairment and depression 
288.	Prevalence of mild cognitive impairment and its subtypes in the Mexican population. 
289.	Prevalence, Distribution, and Impact of Mild Cognitive Impairment in Latin America, China, and India: A 10/66 Population-Based Study 
290.	Prevalence, distribution, and impact of mild cognitive impairment in Latin America, China, and India: A 10/66 population-based study 
291.	Prevalence, distribution, and impact of mild cognitive impairment in Latin America, China, and India: a 10/66 population-based study. 
292.	Prevalencia de demencia y factoresasociadosen adultos mayores, AldeaTablones Arriba, Municipio de Yusguare, Choluteca, mayo 2010 – 2011 / PrevalenceofDementiaand Associated Factors in OlderAdults, Village 
293.	Prevalencia, características clínicas, sociofamiliares y factoresasociados a fragilidaden adultos mayores de 75 años de un hospital de Chimbote. Octubre 2006-abril 2007 / Prevalence, clinical and socio-familial characteristics and risk factors associated with frailty in adults over 75 years at a hospital in Chimbote. October 2006-April 2007 
294.	Preventing cognitive decline in older African Americans with mild cognitive impairment: Design and methods of a randomized clinical trial 
295.	Preventing cognitive decline in older African Americans with mild cognitive impairment: design and methods of a randomized clinical trial. 
296.	Preventing cognitive decline in older African Americans with mild cognitive impairment: Design and methods of a randomized clinical trial 
297.	Prevention of dementia and cognitive decline: Notes from the NIH-State-of-the-science conference 
298.	Prevention of depression and sleep disturbances in elderly with memory-problems by activation of the biological clock with light - a randomized clinical trial 
299.	Prevention of depression and sleep disturbances in elderly with memory-problems by activation of the biological clock with light - a randomized clinical trial 
300.	Prevention of depression and sleep disturbances in elderly with memory-problems by activation of the biological clock with light--a randomized clinical trial. 
301.	Preventive action of Kai Xin San aqueous extract on depressive-like symptoms and cognition deficit induced by chronic mild stress 
302.	Previously not recognized deletion in presenilin-1 (p.Leu174del.) in a patient with early-onset familial Alzheimer's disease 
303.	Prodromal dementia with lewy bodies manifesting as sertraline-induced parkinsonism: A case report 
304.	Profile and management of patients at a memory clinic 
305.	Progesterone reduces depression-like behavior in a murine model of Alzheimer's Disease 
306.	Prognosis of mild cognitive impairment in general practice: Results of the german agecode study 
307.	Prognosis of mild cognitive impairment in general practice: results of the German AgeCoDe study. 
308.	Program evaluation of a telepsychiatry service for older adults connecting a university-affiliated geriatric center to a rural psychogeriatric outreach service in Northwest Ontario, Canada 
309.	Program of rehabilitative exercise and education to avert vascular events after non-disabling stroke or transient ischemic attack (PREVENT Trial): a multi-centred, randomised controlled trial 
310.	Programa de Terapia de Remotivação em idosos institucionalizados: estudo piloto / RemotivationTherapyProgram for institutionalizedelders: pilotstudy / Programa de Terapia de Remotivación para adultos mayores institucionalizados: estudio piloto 
311.	Progression from mild cognitive impairment to dementia: A 3-year longitudinal study. 
312.	Proinflammatory cytokines, sickness behavior, and Alzheimer disease 
313.	Prominent psychiatric symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease and concomitant argyrophilic grain disease 
314.	Propofol protects against impairment of learning-memory and imbalance of hippocampal Glu/GABA induced by electroconvulsive shock in depressed rats. 
315.	Propofol protects against impairment of learning-memory and imbalance of hippocampal Glu/GABA induced by electroconvulsive shock in depressed rats 
316.	Proposed diagnostic criteria for apathy in Alzheimer's disease and other neuropsychiatric disorders 
317.	Prospective memory functioning in mildcognitiveimpairment. 
318.	Protective Effect of Total Flavones of Abelmoschus manihot L. Medic Against PoststrokeDepression Injury in Mice and Its Action Mechanism 
319.	Protein Binding in Patients With Late-Life Depression 
320.	Protocol for a randomized controlled trial evaluating the effect of physical activity on delaying the progression of white matter changes on MRI in older adults with memory complaints and mildcognitive impairment: The AIBL Active trial 
321.	Psychiatric Disorders and Cognitive Dysfunction Among Older, Postmenopausal Women: Results From the Women's Health Initiative Memory Study 
322.	Psychiatric disorders and cognitive dysfunction among older, postmenopausal women: Results from the women's health initiative memory study 
323.	Psychiatric disorders in patients with essential tremor 
324.	Psychiatric issues in cognitive impairment. 
325.	Psychiatric manifestations in a patient with HIV-associated neurocognitive symptoms and cryptococcal meningitis 
326.	Psychiatric symptoms of progressive supranuclear palsy: A case report and brief review 
327.	Psychological Distress and Risk for Dementia 
328.	Psychological and behavioural symptoms as factors of progression to Alzheimer-type dementia inmild cognitive impairment 
329.	Psychological needs and mental health in women aged = 65 years after cardiac surgery: An exploratory study 
330.	Psychological treatments for depression and anxiety in dementia and mild cognitive impairment. 
331.	Psychological well-being and regional brain amyloid and tau in mild cognitive impairment 
332.	Psychological well-being and regional brain amyloid and tau in mild cognitive impairment. 
333.	Psychological well-being in individuals with mild cognitive impairment 
334.	Psychological well-being in individuals with mild cognitive impairment. 
335.	Psychological well-being in individuals with mild cognitive impairment 
336.	Psychometric characteristics of the Rivermead Behavioural Memory Test (RBMT) as an early detection instrument for dementia and mild cognitive impairment in Brazil 
337.	Psychomotor Slowing in Mild Cognitive Impairment, Alzheimer's Disease and Lewy Body Dementia: Mechanisms and Diagnostic Value 
338.	Psychosocial aspects of PKU: Hidden disabilities - A review 
339.	Psychotropic Medication Burden and Factors Associated with Antipsychotic Use: An Analysis of a Population-Based Sample of Community-Dwelling Older Persons with Dementia 
340.	Psychotropic medication use and cognition in institutionalized older adults with mild to moderate dementia 
341.	Purpose in Life Is Associated With a Reduced Risk of Incident Disability Among Community-Dwelling Older Persons 
342.	QFD: Quality of life, depression and cognitive 6. cognitive functions [QDF: Qualità di vita, depressione e funzioni cognitive 6. funzioni cognitive] 
343.	Quality of life and physical activity associated to lower prevalence of depression in community-dwelling elderly subjects from Sao Paulo 
344.	Quality of life in Alzheimer's disease: different factors associated with complementary ratings by patients and family carers 
345.	Quality of life in dementia patients in Athens, Greece: predictive factors and the role of caregiver-related factors 
346.	Quality of life in dementia: Impact of cognition and insight on applicability of the SF-36 
347.	Quality of life in dementia: Psychometric properties of a French language version of the Dementia Quality of Life questionnaire (DQoL) 
348.	Quality of life in dementia: the role of non-cognitive factors in the ratings of people with dementia and family caregivers 
349.	Quality of life in dementia: the role of non-cognitive factors in the ratings of people with dementia and family caregivers 
350.	Quality of life in patients with cognitive impairment: Validation of the Quality of Life-Alzheimer's Disease scale in Portugal 
351.	Quality of life in patients with cognitive impairment: validation of the Quality of Life-Alzheimer's Disease scale in Portugal 
352.	Quality of life in mild cognitive impairment, patients with different stages of Alzheimer disease and healthy control subjects 
353.	Quality of life, mood disturbances and psychological parameters in adult patients with GH deficiency 
354.	Quantitative classification of primary progressive aphasia at early and mild impairment stages 
355.	Quantitative electroencephalography power and coherence measurements in the diagnosis of mild and moderate alzheimer's disease [Medidas de coerência e de potência absoluta no eletroencefalograma quantitativo no diagnóstico da doença de Alzheimer suave e moderado] 
356.	Radio electric asymmetric brain stimulation in the treatment of behavioral and psychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer disease 
357.	Randomized trial of cognitive speed of processing training in Parkinson disease 
358.	Randomized trial of minocycline in the treatment of HIV-associated cognitive impairment 
359.	Rates of diagnostic transition and cognitive change at 18-month follow-up among 1,112 participants in the Australian Imaging, Biomarkers and Lifestyle Flagship Study of Ageing (AIBL) 
360.	Recent advances in neuroimaging biomarkers in geriatric psychiatry 
361.	Recognition of Facial Emotional Expression in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment 
362.	Recognition of facial emotional expression in amnestic mild cognitive impairment 
363.	Recognition of facial emotional expression in amnestic mild cognitive impairment. 
364.	Recruitment of African Americans and Asian Americans With Late-Life Depression and MildCognitive Impairment 
365.	Recruitment of African Americans and Asian Americans with late-life depression and mild cognitive impairment 
366.	Recruitment of African Americans and Asian Americans with late-life depression and mild cognitive impairment. 
367.	Recurrent depressive symptoms and the incidence of dementia and mild cognitive impairment 
368.	Recurrent depressive symptoms and the incidence of dementia and mild cognitive impairment. 
369.	Reduced Quality-of-Life Ratings in Mild Cognitive Impairment: Analyses of Subject and Informant Responses 
370.	Reduced alpha 4 beta 2*-Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor Binding and Its Relationship to Mild Cognitive and Depressive Symptoms in Parkinson Disease 
371.	Reduced benefit from mnemonic strategies in early-stage Alzheimer's disease: A brief testing-the-limits paradigm for clinical practice 
372.	Reduced comparison speed during visual search in late life depression 
373.	Reduced quality-of-life ratings in mild cognitive impairment: Analyses of subject and informant responses 
374.	Reduced quality-of-life ratings in mild cognitive impairment: analyses of subject and informant responses. 
375.	Reduced serum levels of adiponectin in elderly patients with major depression 
376.	Reduced serum levels of adiponectin in elderly patients with major depression 
377.	Reduced a4ß2*-nicotinic acetylcholine receptor binding and its relationship to mild cognitive and depressive symptoms in Parkinson disease 
378.	Reducing case ascertainment costs in US population studies of Alzheimer's disease, dementia, and cognitive impairment-Part 1 
379.	Regional White Matter Lesions Predict Falls in Patients With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairmentand Alzheimer's Disease 
380.	Regional white matter lesions predict falls in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment and alzheimer's disease 
381.	Regional white matter lesions predict falls in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease. 
382.	Regular group exercise is associated with improved mood but not quality of life following stroke 
383.	Rejecting familiar distracters during recognition in young adults with traumatic brain injury and in healthy older adults 
384.	Relación entre ansiedad, depresión, estrés y sobrecarga en cuidadores familiares de personas condemencia tipo alzheimer por mutación e280a enpresenilina 1 / Relationamonganxiety, depression, stress andoverloadonrelativecaregiversofpacientswithalzheimer’sdementiabymutation e280a in presenilin 1 
385.	Relation of secondhand smoking to mild cognitive impairment in older inpatients 
386.	Relationship between Uric Acid and Subtle Cognitive Dysfunction in Chronic Kidney Disease 
387.	Relationship between asthma and cognition: the Cooper Center Longitudinal Study 
388.	Relationship between cortisol levels and memory performance may be modulated by the presence or absence of cognitive impairment: Evidence from healthy elderly, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease subjects 
389.	Relationship between global cognitive decline and depressive symptoms in multiple sclerosis 
390.	Relationship between the regional cerebral blood flow and the cognitive function and anosmia in patients with Parkinson disease and Alzheimer disease 
391.	Relationship between uric acid and subtle cognitive dysfunction in chronic kidney disease 
392.	Relationship of changes in cognitive and depressive symptoms during antidepressant treatment of individuals with geriatric depression and their relationship to the APOE epsilon 4 allele 
393.	Relationship of tooth loss to mild memory impairment and cognitive impairment: Findings from the fujiwara-kyo study 
394.	Relationship of tooth loss to mild memory impairment and cognitive impairment: findings from the fujiwara-kyo study 
395.	Repeated mild lateral fluid percussion brain injury in the rat causes cumulative long-term behavioral impairments, neuroinflammation, and cortical loss in an animal model of repeated concussion 
396.	Repeated Mild Lateral Fluid Percussion Brain Injury in the Rat Causes Cumulative Long-Term Behavioral Impairments, Neuroinflammation, and Cortical Loss in an Animal Model of Repeated Concussion 
397.	Reports of Neuropsychiatric Symptoms of Older Care Recipients by Their Family Members and Their Foreign Home Care Workers: Results From Triadic Data 
398.	Resilience and impairment: An exploratory study of resilience factors and situational impairment 
399.	Resilience and Impairment: An Exploratory Study of Resilience Factors and Situational Impairment 
400.	Response to antidepressant medications in late-life depression across the spectrum of cognitive functioning 
401.	Response to antidepressant medications in late-life depression across the spectrum of cognitive functioning. 
402.	Results of the Stroop test among patients suffering from recurrent depressive disorders and organic depressive disorders 
403.	Retrospective identification and characterization of mild cognitive impairment from a prospective population cohort 
404.	Reversal of Fragile X Phenotypes by Manipulation of A beta PP/A beta Levels in Fmr1(KO) Mice 
405.	Reviewing the role of donepezil in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease 
406.	Risk Factors for Behavioral Abnormalities in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Mild Alzheimer's Disease. 
407.	Risk Factors for Late-Life Cognitive Decline and Variation with Age and Sex in the Sydney Memory and Ageing Study 
408.	Risk Factors for Late-Life Cognitive Decline and Variation with Age and Sex in the Sydney Memory and Ageing Study 
409.	Risk Factors of Transition from Normal Cognition to Mild Cognitive Disorder: The PATH through Life Study 
410.	Risk Profiles of Subtypes of Mild Cognitive Impairment: The Sydney Memory and Ageing Study 
411.	Risk factors for development of dementia in a unique six-year cohort study. I. An exploratory, pilot study of involvement of the E4 allele of apolipoprotein E, mutations of the Hemochromatosis-HFE gene, type 2 diabetes, and stroke 
412.	Risk factors for incident dementia in the very old 
413.	Risk factors of dementia in North India: a case-control study 
414.	Risk factors of transition from normal cognition to mild cognitive disorder: The PATH through life study 
415.	Risk of developing dementia in people with diabetes and mild cognitive impairment 
416.	Risk profiles for mild cognitive impairment vary by age and sex: The sydney memory and ageing study 
417.	Risk profiles for mild cognitive impairment vary by age and sex: the Sydney Memory and Ageing study. 
418.	Risk profiles of subtypes of mild cognitive impairment: The sydney memory and ageing study 
419.	Risk profiles of subtypes of mild cognitive impairment: the sydney memory and ageing study. 
420.	Rivastigmine Patch Ameliorates Depression in Mild AD: Preliminary Evidence From a 6-Month Open-label Observational Study 
421.	Role of cardiovascular risk factors (CRF) in the patients with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) 
422.	Role of cardiovascular risk factors (CRF) in the patients with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). 
423.	Role of cardiovascular risk factors (CRF) in the patients with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) 
424.	Role of the Transforming-Growth-Factor-beta 1 Gene in Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease: Implications for the Treatment 
425.	Role of Depression in Predicting Time to Conversion to Mild Cognitive Impairment. 
426.	Rosmarinus officinalis L. hydroalcoholic extract, similar to fluoxetine, reverses depressive-like behavior without altering learning deficit in olfactory bulbectomized mice 
427.	SOD1 and cognitive dysfunction in familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 
428.	Safety and efficacy of galantamine (Reminyl) in severe Alzheimer's disease (the SERAD study): a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial 
429.	Screening by telephone in the Alzheimer's disease anti-inflammatory prevention trial 
430.	Screening for Alzheimer's dementia at age 78 with short psychometric instruments 
431.	Screening for Cognitive Impairment in Older Adults: An Evidence Update for the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force [Internet]. 
432.	Screening for cognitive impairment in late onset depression in a Brazilian sample using the BBRC-EDU [Rastreio de comprometimento cognitivo na depressão de início tardio em uma amostra Brasileira usando o BBRC-EDU] 
433.	Screening for cognitiveimpairmentin late onsetdepression in a Braziliansampleusingthe BBRC-EDU / Rastreio de comprometimento cognitivo na depressão de início tardio em uma amostra brasileira usando o BBRC-EDU 
434.	Searching for Disease-Modifying Drugs in AD: Can We Combine Neuropsychological Tools with Biological Markers? 
435.	Self-Appraised, Informant-Reported, and Objective Memory and Cognitive Function in MildCognitive Impairment 
436.	Self-Perceived Memory Complaints Predict Progression to Alzheimer Disease. The LADIS Study 
437.	Self-Reported Symptoms of Depression and Memory Dysfunction in Survivors of ARDS 
438.	Self-Reported Cognitive Decline on the Informant Questionnaire on Cognitive Decline in the Elderly Is Associated with Dementia, Instrumental Activities of Daily Living and Depression but Not Longitudinal Cognitive Change 
439.	Self-awareness of executive dysfunction in Huntington's disease: Comparison with Parkinson's disease and cervical dystonia 
440.	Self-rated health in patients with mild Alzheimer's disease: Baseline data from the Danish Alzheimer Intervention Study 
441.	Self-reported Depressive Symptoms and Memory Complaints in Survivors Five Years After ARDS 
442.	Self-reported cognitive decline on the informant questionnaire on cognitive decline in the elderly is associated with dementia, instrumental activities of daily living and depression but not longitudinal cognitive change 
443.	Self-reported depressive syndromes in mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease 
444.	Self-reported depressive syndromes in mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease. 
445.	Self-reported increased confusion or memory loss and associated functional difficulties among adults aged = 60 years - 21 States, 2011. 
446.	Self-reported cognitive symptoms following mild traumatic brain injury are poorly associated with neuropsychological performance in OIF/OEF veterans 
447.	Sensitivity of hippocampal 5-HT1A receptors to mild stress in BDNF-deficient mice 
448.	Sensitivity of hippocampal 5-HT1A receptors to mild stress in BDNF-deficient mice 
449.	Serial Position Effects in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment and Early and Moderate Alzheimer's Disease Compared with Healthy Comparison Subjects 
450.	Serotonin fibre sprouting and increase in serotonin transporter immunoreactivity in the CA1 area of hippocampus in a triple transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer's disease 
451.	Serotonin signaling is associated with lower amyloid-beta levels and plaques in transgenic mice and humans 
452.	Sertraline for the Treatment of Depression in Alzheimer Disease: Week-24 Outcomes 
453.	Serum amyloid beta protein in young and elderly depression: a pilot study 
454.	Serum amyloid ß protein in young and elderly depression: A pilot study 
455.	Serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor level is reduced in antidepressant-free patients with late-life depression 
456.	Serum levels of soluble TNF-a receptors but not BDNF are associated with apathy symptoms in mild Alzheimer's disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment [Níveis séricos de receptores solúveis do TNF-a mas não de BDNF estão asociados a sintomas de apat ia na doença de Alzheimer leve e no comprometimento cognitivo leve amnéstico] 
457.	SerumlevelsofsolubleTNF-areceptorsbutnot BDNF are associatedwithapathysymptoms in mildAlzheimer'sdiseaseandamnesticmildcognitiveimpairment / Níveis Séricos de receptores Solúveis Do TNF-a mas não de BDNF estão associados a sintomas de apatia na doença de Alzheimer leve e no comprometimento cognitivo leve amnéstico 
458.	Severity and Risk Factors of Depression in Alzheimer's Disease 
459.	Severity and risk factors of depression in Alzheimer's disease 
460.	Sex and age differences in depression and baseline sport-related concussion neurocognitive performance and symptoms 
461.	Sex-specific effects of subjective memory complaints with respect to cognitive impairment or depressive symptoms 
462.	Significant correlation between cerebral hypoperfusion and neuropsychological assessment scores of patients with mild cognitive impairment 
463.	Significant correlation between cerebral hypoperfusion and neuropsychological assessment scores of patients with mild cognitive impairment. 
464.	Significant correlation between cerebral hypoperfusion and neuropsychological assessment scores of patients with mild cognitive impairment 
465.	Simvastatin improves learning and memory in control but not in olfactory bulbectomized rats 
466.	Single nucleotide polymorphism of the KIBRA gene in recurrent depressive disorders 
467.	Site-Specific Antidepressant Effects of Repeated Subconvulsive Electrical Stimulation: Potential Role of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor 
468.	Sleep Disturbances in Parkinson Disease and Their Potential Role in Heterogeneity 
469.	Sleep Well, Think Well: Sleep-Wake Disturbance in Mild Cognitive Impairment 
470.	Sleep disturbance in mild cognitive impairment: Differential effects of current and remitted depression 
471.	Sleep well, think well: Sleep-wake disturbance in mild cognitive impairment 
472.	Slowing progression of early stages of AD with alternative therapies: A feasibility study 
473.	Small vessel disease and memory loss: What the clinician needs to know to preserve patients' brain health topical collection on stroke 
474.	Smaller brain size likely in young adults (< 40 years old) with depressive symptoms compared to healthy controls: a retrospective study 
475.	Smell test predicts performance on delayed recall memory test in elderly with depression 
476.	Smoking in elderly Koreans: Prevalence and factors associated with smoking cessation 
477.	Social Problem Solving, Social Cognition, and Mild Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease 
478.	Social competence and observer-rated social functioning in bipolar disorder 
479.	Social problem solving, social cognition, and mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease 
480.	Spatial Distribution of Cerebral White Matter Lesions Predicts Progression to Mild CognitiveImpairment and Dementia 
481.	Specific Ways Brain SPECT Imaging Enhances Clinical Psychiatric Practice 
482.	Speed of Processing and Depression Affect Function in Older Adults with Mild CognitiveImpairment 
483.	Speed of processing and depression affect function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment 
484.	Speed of processing and depression affect function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment. 
485.	Stability in the clinical characteristics of patients with memory complaints 
486.	Stability of clinical etiologic diagnosis in dementia and mild cognitive impairment: Results from a multicenter longitudinal database 
487.	Stage-Specific Gender Differences in Cognitive and Neuropsychiatric Manifestations of Vascular Dementia 
488.	State Anxiety and Cognitive Functioning in Older Adults 
489.	Statins and Cognitive Functioning in the Elderly: A Population-Based Study 
490.	Stress affects carers before patient's first visit to a memory clinic 
491.	Stress and coping in older people with Alzheimer's disease 
492.	Stress contributes to the development of central insulin resistance during aging: Implications for Alzheimer's disease 
493.	Stress induced cognitive deficit is differentially modulated in BALB/c and C57Bl/6 mice Correlation with Th1/Th2 balance after stress exposure 
494.	Stress-induced anhedonia is associated with an increase in Alzheimer's disease-related markers 
495.	Structural Correlates of Subjective and Objective Memory Performance in Multiple Sclerosis 
496.	Structural neuroimaging of concomitant depressive symptoms in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: a pilot study. 
497.	Structured approach to patients with memory difficulties in family practice. 
498.	Stuck in the mud: Time for change in the implementation of cognitive training research in ageing? 
499.	Studies of implicit prototype extraction in patients with mildcognitiveimpairment and early Alzheimer's disease. 
500.	Study design of ASPirin in Reducing Events in the Elderly (ASPREE): A randomized, controlled trial 
501.	Study to assess the prevalence, nature and extent of cognitive impairment in people living with AIDS 
502.	Subcortical vascular dementia (SVaD) without hypertension (HTN) may be a unique subtype of vascular dementia (VaD) 
503.	Subcutaneous Interferon ß-1a May Protect against Cognitive Impairment in Patients with Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis: 5-Year Follow-up of the COGIMUS Study 
504.	Subfields of the hippocampal formation at 7 T MRI: In vivo volumetric assessment 
505.	Subjective Cognitive Concerns and Neuropsychiatric Predictors of Progression to the Early Clinical Stages of Alzheimer Disease. 
506.	Subjective cognitive complaints and mortality: Does the type of complaint matter? 
507.	Subjective cognitive decline: Self and informant comparisons 
508.	Subjective cognitive impairment: Towards early identification of Alzheimer disease. 
509.	Subjective depressive mood and regional cerebral blood flow in mild Alzheimer's disease 
510.	Subjective depressive mood and regional cerebral blood flow in mild Alzheimer's disease 
511.	Subjective memory and strategy use in mild cognitive impairment and healthy aging 
512.	Subjective memory complain in healthy elderly: influence of depressive symptoms, perceived stress and self-esteem 
513.	Subjective memory complaints in elders: depression, anxiety, or cognitive decline? 
514.	Subjective memory complaints, depressive symptoms and cognition in patients attending a memory outpatient clinic 
515.	Subjective memory complaints, neuropsychological performance and psychiatric variables in memory clinic attendees: A 3-year follow-up study 
516.	Subjective memory complaints, vascular risk factors and psychological distress in the middle-aged: a cross-sectional study 
517.	Subjective memory impairment in older adults: Aetiology, salience and help seeking 
518.	Subjective memory impairment in older adults: aetiology, salience and help seeking 
519.	Subjective cognitive complaints and mortality: Does the type of complaint matter? 
520.	Subscale Validation of the Neuropsychiatric Inventory Questionnaire: Comparison of Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative and National Alzheimer's Coordinating Center Cohorts 
521.	Substance use is a risk factor for neurocognitive deficits and neuropsychiatric distress in acute and early HIV infection 
522.	Subtle Gait Changes in Patients With REM Sleep Behavior Disorder 
523.	Subtle cognitive impairments in patients with long-term cure of Cushing's disease 
524.	Subtypes of mild cognitive impairment among the elderly with major depressive disorder in remission 
525.	Subtypes of mild cognitive impairment in older postmenopausal women: The women s health initiative memory study 
526.	Subtypes of Mild Cognitive Impairment Among the Elderly With Major Depressive Disorder in Remission 
527.	Subtypes of Mild Cognitive Impairment in Older Postmenopausal Women The Women's Health Initiative Memory Study 
528.	Subtypes of mild cognitive impairment among the elderly with major depressive disorder in remission. 
529.	Subtypes of mild cognitive impairment in older postmenopausal women: the Women's Health Initiative Memory Study. 
530.	Suicide in dementia: 9-year national clinical survey in England and Wales 
531.	Supervisory experience at work is linked to low rate of hippocampal atrophy in late life 
532.	Survey of Protocols for the Manual Segmentation of the Hippocampus: Preparatory Steps Towards a Joint EADC-ADNI Harmonized Protocol 
533.	Survival in a large elderly population of patients with dementia and other forms of psychogeriatric diseases 
534.	Survival of Community-Dwelling Older People: The Effect of Cognitive Impairment and Social Engagement 
535.	Survival of Community-dwelling older people: The effect of cognitive impairment and social engagement 
536.	Sydney Memory and Ageing Study: An epidemiological cohort study of brain ageing and dementia 
537.	Symptom validity testing in memory clinics: Hippocampal-memory associations and relevance for diagnosing mild cognitive impairment 
538.	Symptoms in military service members after blast mTBI with and without associated injuries 
539.	Symptoms of Apathy Are Associated with Progression from Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer's Disease in Non-Depressed Subjects 
540.	Symptoms of apathy are associated with progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease in non-depressed subjects for the Alzheimer's disease neuroimaging initiative 
541.	Symptoms of apathy are associated with progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease in non-depressed subjects. 
542.	Systemic inflammation is associated with MCI and its subtypes: The Sydney memory and aging study 
543.	TH-9 (A THEOPHYLLINE DERIVATIVE) INDUCES LONG-LASTING ENHANCEMENT IN EXCITATORY SYNAPTIC TRANSMISSION IN THE RAT HIPPOCAMPUS THAT IS OCCLUDED BY FREQUENCY-DEPENDENT PLASTICITY IN VITRO 
544.	Tai Chi exercise versus rehabilitation for the elderly with cerebral vascular disorder: a single-blinded randomized controlled trial 
545.	Target identification for CNS diseases by transcriptional profiling. 
546.	Targeted intervention improves knowledge but not self-care or readmissions in heart failure patients with mild cognitive impairment 
547.	Targeted intervention improves knowledge but not self-care or readmissions in heart failure patients with mild cognitive impairment. 
548.	Targeted intervention improves knowledge but not self-care or readmissions in heart failure patients with mild cognitive impairment 
549.	Task switching performance reveals heterogeneity amongst patients with mildcognitiveimpairment.  
550.	Tele-Health and neurology: What is possible? 
551.	Telomere length and ApoE polymorphism in mild cognitive impairment, degenerative and vascular dementia 
552.	Temporal Relationship Between Depression and Dementia Findings From a Large Community-Based 15-Year Follow-up Study 
553.	Temporal Relationship Between Depression and Dementia Findings From a Large Community-Based 15-Year Follow-up Study 
554.	Temporal Relationship between Depressive Symptoms and Cognitive Impairment: The Italian Longitudinal Study on Aging 
555.	Temporal course of depressive symptoms during the development of Alzheimer disease 
556.	Temporal course of depressive symptoms during the development of Alzheimer disease. 
557.	Temporal relationship between depressive symptoms and cognitive impairment: The italian longitudinal study on aging 
558.	Temporal relationship between depressive symptoms and cognitive impairment: the Italian Longitudinal Study on Aging. 
559.	The 10-word learning task in the differential diagnosis of early Alzheimer's disease and elderlydepression: A cross-sectional pilot study 
560.	The Association of Anxiety and Depressive Symptoms With Cognitive Performance in Community-Dwelling Older Adults 
561.	The Australian Imaging, Biomarkers and Lifestyle (AIBL) study of aging: methodology and baseline characteristics of 1112 individuals recruited for a longitudinal study of Alzheimer's disease 
562.	The Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Val66Met Polymorphism and Prediction of Neural Risk for Alzheimer Disease 
563.	The Brazilian version of the Neuropsychiatric Inventory-Clinician rating scale (NPI-C): reliability and validity in dementia 
564.	The Brief Cognitive Assessment Tool (BCAT): A new test emphasizing contextual memory, executive functions, attentional capacity, and the prediction of instrumental activities of daily living 
565.	The Brixton Spatial Anticipation Test as a test for executive function: Validity in patient groups and norms for older adults 
566.	The CC genotype of transforming growth factor-beta 1 increases the risk of late-onset Alzheimer's disease and is associated with AD-related depression 
567.	The Changing Landscape of Voltage-Gated Calcium Channels in Neurovascular Disorders and in Neurodegenerative Diseases 
568.	The Computerized Self Test (CST): An Interactive, Internet Accessible Cognitive Screening Test For Dementia 
569.	The Correlates and Course of Depression in Patients with Lacunar Stroke: Results from the Secondary Prevention of Small Subcortical Strokes (SPS3) Study 
570.	The Effect of Injury Severity on Behavior: A Phenotypic Study of Cognitive and Emotional Deficits after Mild, Moderate, and Severe Controlled Cortical Impact Injury in Mice 
571.	The Effects of Behavioral Activation Therapy With Inpatient Geriatric Psychiatry Patients 
572.	The Evolution of Personality in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment 
573.	The Identification of Attention Complaints in the General Population and Their Effect on Quality of Life 
574.	The Impact of Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers on the Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease 
575.	The Impact of Mild Cognitive Impairment on Sexual Activity 
576.	The Influence of Depression on Processing Speed and Executive Function in Nondemented Subjects Aged 75 
577.	The Long-Term Spontaneous Course of a Severe Traumatic Brain Injury Incurred at Age 16 by a 47-Year-Old Physician: Investigation into Planning a Long-Term Prognosis Study of Childhood Traumatic Brain Injury 
578.	The MWT-B as an Estimator of Premorbid Intelligence in MCI and Dementia 
579.	The MWT-B as an estimator of premorbid intelligence in MCI and dementia [Der MWT-B als schätzer der prämorbiden intelligenz bei MCI und demenz] 
580.	The Movement Disorders Society criteria for the diagnosis of Parkinson's disease dementia: their usefulness and limitations in elderly patients 
581.	The Multidimensional Experience of Noncancer Pain: Does Cognitive Status Matter? 
582.	The Multidimensional Experience of Noncancer Pain: Does Cognitive Status Matter? 
583.	The NEDICES Study: Recent Advances in the Understanding of the Epidemiology of Essential Tremor. 
584.	The NeuroAiD II (MLC901) in Vascular Cognitive Impairment Study (NEURITES) 
585.	The NeuroAiD II (MLC901) in vascular cognitive impairment study (NEURITES) for the NEURITE investigators 
586.	The NeuroAiD II (MLC901) in vascular cognitive impairment study (NEURITES). 
587.	The Neuropsychiatric Inventory Scores Change Across the Mini Mental State Examination Ranges in Patients With Alzheimer's Disease: A Multicenter Study in Turkey 
588.	The Neuropsychiatric Inventory-Clinician rating scale (NPI-C): reliability and validity of a revised assessment of neuropsychiatric symptoms in dementia 
589.	The Patterns of Cognitive and Functional Impairment in Amnestic and Non-amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment in Geriatric Depression. 
590.	The Push-Turn-Taptap Task Outperforms Measures of Executive Functioning in Predicting Declines in Functionality: Evidence-Based Approach to Test Validation 
591.	The Relations Among Cognitive Impairment, Coping Style, and Emotional Adjustment Following Traumatic Brain Injury 
592.	The Relationship Between Diabetic Retinopathy and Cognitive Impairment 
593.	The Relationship of Pain and Cognitive Impairment with Social Vulnerability-An Analysis of the Canadian Study of Health and Aging 
594.	The SEA (Social cognition and emotional assessment): A clinical neuropsychological tool for early diagnosis of frontal variant of frontotemporal lobar degeneration 
595.	The Short Cognitive Evaluation Battery in Cognitive Disorders of the Elderly - Italian Version 
596.	The Subjective Cognitive Decline Questionnaire (SCD-Q): A Validation Study. 
597.	The Sydney Memory and Ageing Study (MAS): Methodology and baseline medical and neuropsychiatric characteristics of an elderly epidemiological non-demented cohort of Australians aged 70-90 years 
598.	The Use of Problem-Solving Therapy and Restraint-Free Environment for the Management ofDepression and Agitation in Long-Term Care 
599.	The VAS-COG clinic: An out-patient service for patients with cognitive and behavioral consequences of cerebrovascular diseases 
600.	The VAS-COG clinic: an out-patient service for patients with cognitive and behavioral consequences of cerebrovascular diseases 
601.	The Validity of the Rowland Universal Dementia Assessment Scale (RUDAS) in a Multicultural Cohort of Community-dwelling Older Persons With Early Dementia 
602.	The Wisconsin Card Sorting Test and the N-back test in mild cognitive impairment and elderly depression 
603.	The Wisconsin Card Sorting Test and the N-back test in mild cognitive impairment and elderlydepression. 
604.	The Wisconsin Card Sorting Test and the N-back test in mild cognitive impairment and elderlydepression 
605.	The association between cognitive impairment and quality of life in patients with early multiple sclerosis 
606.	The association between late-life depression, mild cognitive impairment and dementia: is inflammation the missing link? 
607.	The association between white matter hyperintensities and executive decline in mild cognitiveimpairment is network dependent 
608.	The association between cognitive impairment and quality of life in patients with early multiple sclerosis 
609.	The association of neuropsychiatric symptoms in MCI with incident dementia and alzheimer disease 
610.	The balance of power in therapeutic interactions with individuals who have intellectual disabilities 
611.	The clinical problem of symptomatic Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment 
612.	The clock drawing test: Influence of sociodemographic and health variables in the portuguese population [O teste do desenho do relógio: Influência das variáveis sóciodemográficas e de saúde na população portuguesa] 
613.	The co-existence of geriatric depression and amnestic mild cognitive impairment detrimentally affect gray matter volumes: Voxel-based morphometry study 
614.	The co-existence of geriatric depression and amnestic mild cognitive impairment detrimentally affect gray matter volumes: voxel-based morphometry study. 
615.	The co-existence of geriatric depression and amnestic mild cognitive impairment detrimentally affect gray matter volumes: voxel-based morphometry study. 
616.	The co-existence of geriatric depression and amnestic mild cognitive impairment detrimentally affect gray matter volumes: Voxel-based morphometry study 
617.	The comparison of dementia patient's quality of life and influencing factors in two cities 
618.	The concept of mild cognitive impairment: relevance and limits in clinical practice. 
619.	The correlates and course of depression in patients with lacunar stroke: Results from the secondary prevention of small subcortical strokes (SPS3) study 
620.	The efect of passive listening versus active observation of music and dance performances on memory recognition and mild to moderate depression in cognitively impaired older adults 
621.	The effect of injury severity on behavior: A phenotypic study of cognitive and emotional deficits after mild, moderate, and severe controlled cortical impact injury in mice 
622.	The effect of neurotrophic treatment on the activation of reparative processes in patients with acute traumatic brain injury 
623.	The effect of seasons and seasonal variation on neuropsychological test performance in patients with bipolar I disorder and their first-degree relatives 
624.	The effect of subsyndromal symptoms of depression and white matter lesions on disability for individuals with mild cognitive impairment 
625.	The effect of subsyndromal symptoms of depression and white matter lesions on disability for individuals with mild cognitive impairment. 
626.	The effect of subsyndromal symptoms of depression and white matter lesions on disability for individuals with mild cognitive impairment. 
627.	The effects of a computer-based cognitive and physical training program in a healthy and mildly cognitive impaired aging sample. 
628.	The effects of an aerobic and resistance exercise training program on cognition following stroke 
629.	The effects of meditation on perceived stress and related indices of psychological status and sympathetic activation in persons with Alzheimer's disease and their caregivers: A pilot study 
630.	The effects of tianeptine, olanzapine and fluoxetine on the cognitive behaviors of unpredictable chronic mild stress-exposed mice 
631.	The endocannabinoid system and amyloid-related diseases 
632.	The evolution of personality in patients with mild cognitive impairment 
633.	The frequency and correlates of anxiety in patients with first-time diagnosed mild dementia 
634.	The frequency and correlates of anxiety in patients with first-time diagnosed mild dementia 
635.	The health status of the elderly in a St. Petersburg district: Results of the Crystal project 
636.	The horizon of neuroimaging for Mild TBI 
637.	The impact of anxiety on conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease 
638.	The impact of anxiety on conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease. 
639.	The impact of anxiety on conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease 
640.	The impact of neuropsychiatric symptoms on caregiver distress and quality of life in persons with dementia in an Asian tertiary hospital memory clinic 
641.	The impact of staff initiated referral and intervention protocols on symptoms of depression in people with mild intellectual disability 
642.	The independent contributions of cognitive impairment and neuropsychiatric symptoms to everyday function in older adults 
643.	The influence of cognitive decline on well-being in old age 
644.	The integration of frailty into clinical practice: Preliminary results from the gérontopôle 
645.	The meaning of reporting forgetfulness: A cross-sectional study of adults in the English 2007 Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Survey 
646.	The nature of informal caregiving for medically ill older people with and without depression 
647.	The nature of informal caregiving for medically ill older people with and without depression 
648.	The neuropsychiatric profile of Parkinson's disease subjects with and without mild cognitive impairment. 
649.	The neuropsychiatric profile of Parkinson's disease subjects with and without mild cognitiveimpairment 
650.	The neuropsychology of cocaine addiction: Recent cocaine use masks impairment 
651.	The nuances of cognition and depression in older adults: The need for a comprehensive assessment 
652.	The nuances of cognition and depression in older adults: the need for a comprehensive assessment. 
653.	The prevalence, severity, and association with HbA1c and fibrinogen of cognitive impairment in chronic kidney disease 
654.	The prevalence, severity, and association with HbA1c and fibrinogen of cognitive impairment in chronic kidney disease 
655.	The relation between depressive symptoms and semantic memory in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and in late-life depression 
656.	The relation between depressive symptoms and semantic memory in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and in late-life depression. 
657.	The relation between depressive symptoms and semantic memory in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and in late-life depression. 
658.	The relations among cognitive impairment, coping style, and emotional adjustment following traumatic brain injury 
659.	The relationship between adult neuropsychological profiles and diabetic patients' glycemic control 
660.	The relationship between diabetic retinopathy and cognitive impairment 
661.	The relationship between plasma amyloid-beta peptides and the medial temporal lobe in the homebound elderly 
662.	The relationship between plasma amyloid-ß peptides and the medial temporal lobe in the homebound elderly 
663.	The relationship of cognitive impairment with neurological and psychiatric variables in multiple sclerosis patients 
664.	The relationship of cognitive impairment with neurological and psychiatric variables in multiple sclerosis patients 
665.	The role of cognitive processes in vestibular disorders 
666.	The role of persistent and incident major depression on rate of cognitive deterioration in newly diagnosed Alzheimer's disease patients 
667.	The role of premorbid personality and cognitive factors in awareness of illness, memory, and behavioural functioning in Alzheimer's disease 
668.	The role of premorbid personality and cognitive factors in awareness of illness, memory, and behavioural functioning in Alzheimer's disease 
669.	The serotonin transporter gene locus in late-life major depressive disorder 
670.	The short cognitive evaluation battery in cognitive disorders of the elderly - Italian version 
671.	The significance of identifying prodromal Parkinson's disease 
672.	The significance of mild traumatic brain injury to cognition and self-reported symptoms in long-term recovery from injury 
673.	The spectrum of disease in chronic traumatic encephalopathy 
674.	The spectrum of nonmotor symptoms in early Parkinson disease 
675.	The structure and validity of self-reported affect in mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease 
676.	The structure and validity of self-reported affect in mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease 
677.	The symptom of low mood in the prodromal stage of mild cognitive impairment and dementia: a cohort study of a community dwelling elderly population 
678.	The thickness of posterior cortical areas is related to executive dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease 
679.	The trajectory of gait speed preceding mild cognitive impairment 
680.	The use of CT in dementia 
681.	The validation of the Italian version of the GPCOG (GPCOG-It): A contribution to cross-national implementation of a screening test for dementia in general practice 
682.	Therapeutic application of melatonin in mild cognitive impairment. 
683.	Third ventricular enlargement in early stages of multiple sclerosis is a predictor of motor and neuropsychological deficits: A cross-sectional study 
684.	Thyroid function and cognition in the euthyroid elderly: A case-control study embedded in quebec longitudinal study - nuage 
685.	Time estimation abilities in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease. 
686.	Topiramate for use in adult migraine prophylaxis 
687.	Topologically Convergent and Divergent Structural Connectivity Patterns between Patients with Remitted Geriatric Depression and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment 
688.	Topologically convergent and divergent structural connectivity patterns between patients with remitted geriatric depression and amnestic mild cognitive impairment 
689.	Topologically convergent and divergent structural connectivity patterns between patients with remitted geriatric depression and amnestic mild cognitive impairment. 
690.	Total Daily Activity Measured With Actigraphy and Motor Function in Community-dwelling Older Persons With and Without Dementia 
691.	Toward improving the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease 
692.	Towards a multifactorial approach for prediction of bipolar disorder in at risk populations 
693.	Translation of Two Evidence-Based Programs for Training Families to Improve Care of Persons With Dementia 
694.	Treating depression in disabled, low-income elderly: a conceptual model and recommendations for care. 
695.	Treatment Outcomes of a Crisis Intervention Program for Dementia With Severe Psychiatric Complications: The Kansas Bridge Project 
696.	Treatment indication and response to standard of care with peginterferon and ribavirin in acute and chronic HCV infection 
697.	Treatment of Parkinson's disease: Focus on quality of life issues 
698.	Treatment of cognitive, psychiatric, and affective disorders associated with Parkinson's disease. 
699.	Treatment of leptomeningeal spread of NSCLC: A continuing challenge 
700.	Treatment of the elderly with Parkinson's disease: Rationale for using levodopa and practical advice for best management 
701.	Treatment-related alteration of cortisol predicts change in neuropsychological function during acute treatment of late-life anxiety disorder 
702.	Treinocognitivoemidosos com ComprometimentoCognitivoLeve: impacto no desempenhocognitivo e funcional / Cognitive training in older adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment: Impact on cognitive and functional performance 
703.	Troponin and S100 are associated with depression in healthy older adults 
704.	Twelve-week physical and leisure activity programme improved cognitive function in community-dwelling elderly subjects: A randomized controlled trial 
705.	Twinkle mutation in an italian family with external progressive ophthalmoplegia and parkinsonism: A case report and an update on the state of art 
706.	URBAN ENVIRONMENT, PHYSICAL INACTIVITY AND UNHEALTHY DIETARY HABITS CORRELATE TO DEPRESSION AMONG ELDERLY LIVING IN EASTERN MEDITERRANEAN ISLANDS: THE MEDIS (MEDITERRANEAN ISLANDS ELDERLY) STUDY 
707.	Unawareness of memory deficit in amnestic MCI: FDG-PET findings 
708.	Unawareness of memory impairment and behavioral abnormalities in patients with Alzheimer's disease: Relation to professional health care burden 
709.	Understanding Discrepancy in Perceptions of Values: Individuals With Mild to Moderate Dementia and Their Family Caregivers 
710.	Unique effects of apathy and depression signs on cognition and function in amnestic mild cognitive impairment 
711.	Unique effects of apathy and depression signs on cognition and function in amnestic mild cognitive impairment. 
712.	Unique effects of apathy and depression signs on cognition and function in amnestic mildcognitive impairment 
713.	Unusual case of solitary intraparenchymal brain plasmacytoma 
714.	Unusual features of central nervous system involvement in CMTX associated with a novel mutation of GJB1 gene 
715.	Update on essential tremor 
716.	Urinary incontinence: An under-recognized risk factor for falls among elderly dementia patients 
717.	Use of CSF biomarkers in Alzheimer's disease clinical trials 
718.	Use of Clock Drawing Test as a Screening Tool for Cognitive Status Evaluation in Middle-Aged Patients with Depressive Disorder 
719.	Use of Latent Variable Modeling to Delineate Psychiatric and Cognitive Profiles in Parkinson Disease 
720.	Use of latent variable modeling to delineate psychiatric and cognitive profiles in parkinson disease 
721.	Use of medications with anticholinergic properties and cognitive function in a young-old community sample 
722.	Use of medications with anticholinergic properties and cognitive function in a young-old community sample 
723.	Use of the CogState Brief Battery in the assessment of Alzheimer's disease related cognitiveimpairment in the Australian Imaging, Biomarkers and Lifestyle (AIBL) study 
724.	Use of the CogState brief battery in the assessment of Alzheimer's disease related cognitive impairment in the Australian Imaging, Biomarkers and Lifestyle (AIBL) study 
725.	Use of the MC-FAQ and MMSE-FAQ in cognitive screening of older african americans, hispanic americans, and european americans 
726.	Use of the MC-FAQ and MMSE-FAQ in Cognitive Screening of Older African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and European Americans 
727.	Usefulness of cognitive plasticity evaluation in the differential diagnosis of cognitive impairment and depression-induced pseudo-dementia [Utilidad de la evaluación de la plasticidad cognitiva en el diagnóstico diferencial del deterioro cognitivo y la pseudodemencia por depresión] 
728.	Usefulness of cognitive plasticity evaluation in the differential diagnosis of cognitive impairment anddepression-induced pseudo-dementia. 
729.	Using informant reports to detect cognitive decline in mild cognitive impairment 
730.	Using service user and clinical opinion to develop the SAINT: A guided self-help pack for adults with intellectual disability 
731.	Using virtual reality to characterize episodic memory profiles in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: Influence of active and passive encoding 
732.	Using virtual reality to characterize episodic memory profiles in amnestic mild cognitiveimpairment and Alzheimer's disease: Influence of active and passive encoding 
733.	VIBRATORY THRESHOLDS AND MOBILITY IN OLDER PERSONS 
734.	Val66Met polymorphism and BDNF levels in Alzheimer's disease patients in North Indian population 
735.	Validation analysis of the attention questionnaire scale 
736.	Validation and diagnostic utility of the dementia rating scale in a mixed dementia population. 
737.	Validation of Montgomery-Asberg Rating Scale and Cornell Scale for Depression in Dementia in Brazilian elderly patients 
738.	Validation of the Amsterdam IADL Questionnaire (c), a New Tool to Measure Instrumental Activities of Daily Living in Dementia 
739.	Validation of the Brazilian version of the quality of life scale for patients with Alzheimer's disease and their caregivers (QOL-AD) 
740.	Validation of the Rapid BAttery of Denomination (BARD) in 382 controls and 1004 patients of a memory clinic 
741.	Validation of the brazilian version of the apathy inventory 
742.	Validity of the CogState Brief Battery: Relationship to Standardized Tests and Sensitivity toCognitive Impairment in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury, Schizophrenia, and AIDS Dementia Complex 
743.	Validity of the five-word test for the evaluation of verbal episodic memory and dementia in a memory clinic setting 
744.	Vascular dementia with left thalamic infarction: Neuropsychological and behavioral implications suggested by involvement of the thalamic nucleus and the remote effect on cerebral cortex. The Osaki-Tajiri project 
745.	Vascular diseases and old age mental disorders: an update of neuroimaging findings 
746.	Vascular risk factors and cardiovascular outcomes in the Alzheimer's disease neuroimaging initiative 
747.	Vascular risk factors promote conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease 
748.	Ventricular Enlargement and Mild Cognitive Impairment in Early Parkinson's Disease 
749.	Ventricular maps in 804 ADNI subjects: Correlations with CSF biomarkers and clinical decline 
750.	Verbal cued recall as a predictor of conversion to Alzheimer's disease in Mild Cognitive Impairment 
751.	Verbal cued recall as a predictor of conversion to Alzheimer's disease in Mild Cognitive Impairment. 
752.	Verbal cued recall as a predictor of conversion to Alzheimer's disease in Mild CognitiveImpairment 
753.	Verbal fluency in Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, and major depression 
754.	Verbal irony comprehension in older adults with amnestic mildcognitiveimpairment. 
755.	Verbal learning and memory in depression: A 9-year follow-up study 
756.	Verbal learning and memory in depression: A 9-year follow-up study 
757.	Visual short-term memory binding in Alzheimer's disease and depression 
758.	Vitamin D insufficiency and mild cognitive impairment: Cross-sectional association 
759.	Vitamin D insufficiency and mild cognitive impairment: cross-sectional association. 
760.	Vitamin D insufficiency and mild cognitive impairment: cross-sectional association 
761.	Vocabulary Is an Appropriate Measure of Premorbid Intelligence in a Sample with Heterogeneous Educational Level in Brazil 
762.	Voxel-based morphometry findings in Alzheimer's disease: neuropsychiatric symptoms and disability correlations - preliminary results 
763.	Vulnerability of conditional NCAM-deficient mice to develop stress-induced behavioral alterations 
764.	Walking stabilizes cognitive functioning in Alzheimer's disease (AD) across one year 
765.	Walking stabilizes cognitive functioning in Alzheimer's disease (AD) across one year 
766.	Weight loss and incident dementia in elderly Yoruba Nigerians: A 10-year follow-up study 
767.	What Characterizes Late-Life Depression? 
768.	What can low and high technologies do for late-life mental disorders? 
769.	What do cognitive complaints in a sample of memory clinic outpatients reflect?  
770.	What do community-dwelling people with dementia need? A survey of those who are known to care and welfare services 
771.	What is the quality of life in the oldest old? 
772.	When cognitive evaluation does not disclose a neurologic disorder: Experience of a university behavioral neurology clinic 
773.	Which part of the Quick mild cognitive impairment screen (Qmci) discriminates between normal cognition, mild cognitive impairment and dementia? 
774.	White Matter Hyperintensities in Parkinson's Disease: Do They Explain the Disparity between the Postural Instability Gait Difficulty and Tremor Dominant Subtypes? 
775.	White Matter Microstructure and Apathy Level in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment 
776.	White matter abnormalities and working memory impairment in systemic lupus erythematosus 
777.	White matter hyperintensities do not impact cognitive function in patients with newly diagnosed Parkinson's disease 
778.	White matter integrity and cognition in Parkinson's disease: A cross-sectional study 
779.	White-Matter Lesions without Lacunar Infarcts in CADASIL 
780.	Wii gaming system for the rehabilitation in nursing home residents suffering from motor and mild to moderate cognitive impairment [Utilizzo della console Wii della Nintendo® per il trattamento riabilitativo cognitivo-motorio di soggetti anziani affetti da deficit motorio o da demenza di grado lieve-moderato] 
781.	Women Versus Men with Chronic Atrial Fibrillation: Insights from the Standard Versus Atrial Fibrillation spEcific managemenT studY (SAFETY) 
782.	Working Memory Impairment in Fibromyalgia Patients Associated with Altered Frontoparietal Memory Network 
783.	Working Memory Impairment in Fibromyalgia Patients Associated with Altered Frontoparietal Memory Network16/6-idiotype expressing antibodies induce brain inflammation and cognitive impairment in mice: The mosaic of central nervous system involvement in lupus 
784.	Working memory impairment in fibromyalgia patients associated with altered frontoparietal memory network 
785.	cDNA Microarray Analysis of Gene Expression in the Cerebral Cortex and Hippocampus of BALB/c Mice Subjected to Chronic Mild Stress 
786.	A 1-Year Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing Mind Body Exercise (Tai Chi) With Stretching and Toning Exercise on Cognitive Function in Older Chinese Adults at Risk of Cognitive Decline
