Cognitive function affects trainability for physical performance in exercise intervention among older adults with mild cognitive impairment.  
Cognitive Functioning in Patients with Bipolar Disorder: Association with Depressive Symptoms and Alcohol Use  
Cognitive Functioning, Mental Health, and Quality of Life in ICU Survivors: An Overview  
Cognitive Impairments and Depressive Symptoms Did Not Impede Upper Limb Recovery in a Clinical Repetitive Task Practice Program After Stroke A Pilot Study  
Cognitive Impairment in Age-related Macular Degeneration and Geographic Atrophy  
Cognitive Impairment in Depressed Older Adults: Implications for Prognosis and Treatment  
Cognitive Performance in Nondemented Nonpsychotic Parkinson Disease Patients With or Without a History of Depression Prior to the Onset of Motor Symptoms  
Cognitive Screening in Asia: Recognizing the Role of the Patient-Family Unit  
Cognitive Symptom Management and Rehabilitation Therapy (CogSMART) for Veterans with traumatic brain injury: Pilot randomized controlled trial  
Cognitive dysfunction in HIV patients despite long-standing suppression of viremia  
Cognitive function affects trainability for physical performance in exercise intervention among older adults with mild cognitive impairment  
Cognitive function in unipolar major depression: A comparison of currently depressed, previously depressed, and never depressed individuals  
Cognitive functioning and depressive symptoms in adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease  
Cognitive functioning in euthymic recurrently depressed patients: Relationship with future relapses and prior course of disease  
Cognitive functions and cognitive styles in young euthymic patients with bipolar I disorder  
Cognitive impairment in incident, untreated Parkinson disease The Norwegian ParkWest Study  
Comparative study between depression in Korean elderly with mild cognitive impairment and normal cognitive function.  
Comparative study between depression in Korean elderly with mild cognitive impairment and normal cognitive function  
Computer activities, physical exercise, aging, and mild cognitive impairment: a population-based study.  
Computerized kinematic analysis of the clock drawing task in elderly people with mild Major Depressive Disorder: an exploratory study  
Concord grape juice supplementation improves memory function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment.  
Coping strategies in multiple sclerosis patients with frontal cognitive disorders  
Correlations between cognitive impairment and brain-derived neurotrophic factor expression in the hippocampus of post-stroke depression rats  
Decreased expression of neuronal per-arnt-sim domain protein 4 gene in the hippocampus of a post-stroke depression rat model  
Demographic corrections for the modified telephone interview for cognitive status  
Depression History, Depressive Symptoms, and Incident Dementia: The 3C Study  
Depression and Alzheimer's disease: Neurobiological links and common pharmacological targets  
Depression and Anxiety Symptoms Are Associated With Cerebral FDDNP-PET Binding in Middle-Aged and Older Nondemented Adults  
Depression and Incident Dementia. An 8-Year Population-Based Prospective Study  
Depression and protective factors of mental health in people with hepatitis C: A questionnaire survey  
Depression and cognitive impairment in patients with mild parkinsonian signs  
Depression as a Risk Factor or Prodromal Feature for Dementia? Findings in a Population-Based Sample of Swedish Twins  
Depression in cognitive impairment.  
Depression in Cognitive Impairment  
Depression subtypes and 5-year risk of dementia and Alzheimer disease in patients aged 70 years  
Depression versus dementia: is this construct still relevant?  
Depressive Symptoms in Chinese-American Subjects with Cognitive Impairment.  
Depressive symptom severity is related to poorer cognitive performance in prodromal Huntington disease.   
Depressive symptoms and incidence of mild cognitive impairment and probable dementia in elderly women: The women's health initiative memory study  
Depressive symptoms and incidence of mild cognitive impairment and probable dementia in elderly women: the Women's Health Initiative Memory Study.  
Depressive symptoms and longitudinal changes in cognition: Women's health initiative study of cognitive aging  
Depressive symptoms in mild cognitive impairment predict greater atrophy in alzheimer's disease-related regions  
Depressive symptoms in oldest-old women: Risk of mild cognitive impairment and dementia  
Depressive symptoms in oldest-old women: risk of mild cognitive impairment and dementia.  
Depressive symptoms in mild cognitive impairment predict greater atrophy in Alzheimer's disease-related regions.  
Depressive symptoms predict incident cognitive impairment in cognitive healthy older women  
Depressive symptoms and incidence of mild cognitive impairment and probable dementia in elderly women: the Women's Health Initiative Memory Study.  
Depressive symptoms and risk of dementia: the Framingham Heart Study.  
Depressive symptoms in oldest-old women: risk of mild cognitive impairment and dementia.  
Depressive symptoms in mild cognitive impairment predict greater atrophy in Alzheimer's disease-related regions.  
Depressive symptoms predict longitudinal change in executive control but not memory.  
Depressivesymptomsandcognitivedeficits in a cancerpatientsubmittedtochemotherapywith 5-Fluoracil: a case report / Sintomas depressivos e déficits cognitivos em paciente com câncer submetido a quimioterapia com 5-fluoracil: relato de caso  
Diagnostic accuracy of statistical pattern recognition of electroencephalogram registration in evaluation of cognitive impairment and dementia  
Dietary ketosis enhances memory in mild cognitive impairment.  
Difference in nutritional risk between mild cognitive impairment group and normal cognitive function elderly group.  
Difference in nutritional risk between mild cognitive impairment group and normal cognitivefunction elderly group  
Differences in prefrontal, limbic, and white matter lesion volumes according to cognitive status in elderly patients with first-onset subsyndromal depression  
Differences in prefrontal, limbic, and white matter lesion volumes according to cognitive status in elderly patients with first-onset subsyndromal depression.  
Differential reports of pain and depression differentiate mild cognitive impairment from cognitively intact elderly participants.  
Disability in late-life major depression: Patterns of self-reported task abilities, task habits, and observed task performance  
Discrimination of the cognitive profiles of MCI and depression using the KBNA.  
Discrimination of the Cognitive Profiles of MCI and Depression using the KBNA  
Distinguishing Sluggish Cognitive Tempo From ADHD in Children and Adolescents: Executive Functioning, Impairment, and Comorbidity  
Do centenarians have higher levels of depression? Findings from the Georgia centenarian study  
Do subjective cognitive complaints correlate with cognitive impairment in systemic lupus erythematosus? A Danish outpatient study  
Does religiosity protect against cognitive and behavioral decline in alzheimer's dementia?  
Does cognitive impairment predict poor self-care in patients with heart failure?  
Donepezil delays progression to AD in MCI subjects with depressive symptoms.  
Dopaminergic modulation of memory and affective processing in Parkinson depression  
Dose-Response Relation Between Physical Activity and Cognitive Function: Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study  
Driving performance in persons with mild to moderate symptoms of multiple sclerosis  
Dual task performance in early Alzheimer's disease, amnestic mild cognitive impairment and depression.  
Effect of a purpose in life on risk of incident Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment in community-dwelling older persons.  
Effectiveness and safety of citicoline in mild vascular cognitive impairment: the IDEALE study  
Effects of a diet integration with an oily emulsion of DHA-phospholipids containing melatonin and tryptophan in elderly patients suffering from mild cognitive impairment.  
Effects of a diet integration with an oily emulsion of DHA-phospholipids containing melatonin and tryptophan in elderly patients suffering from mild cognitive impairment  
Effects of a newly developed cognitive intervention in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and mild alzheimer's disease: A pilot study  
Effects of a newly developed cognitive intervention in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease: a pilot study.  
Effects of centrally acting ACE inhibitors on the rate of cognitive decline in dementia  
Effects of n-3 fatty acids, EPA v. DHA, on depressive symptoms, quality of life, memory and executive function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: a 6-month randomised controlled trial.  
Effects of the coexistence of late-life depression and mild cognitive impairment on white matter microstructure.  
Effects of the coexistence of late-life depression and mild cognitive impairment on white matter microstructure  
Efficacy and cognitive side effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depressed elderly inpatients with coexisting mild cognitive impairment or dementia.  
Efficacy and Cognitive Side Effects of Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) in Depressed Elderly Inpatients With Coexisting Mild Cognitive Impairment or Dementia  
Elderly-onset essential tremor and mild cognitive impairment: a population-based study (NEDICES).  
Electroconvulsive stimulation reverses anhedonia and cognitive impairments in rats exposed to chronic mild stress  
Elevated C-reactive protein levels may be a predictor of persistent unfavourable symptoms in patients with mild traumatic brain injury: A preliminary study  
Emotional valence and semantic relatedness differentially influence false recognition in mild cognitive impairment, Alzheimer's disease, and healthy elderly.  
Emotional valence and semantic relatedness differentially influence false recognition in mildcognitive impairment, Alzheimer's disease, and healthy elderly  
Erythrocyte polyunsaturated fatty acid status, memory, cognition and mood in older adults with mild cognitive impairment and healthy controls.  
Establishing robust cognitive dimensions for characterization and differentiation of patients with Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, frontotemporal dementia and depression.  
Establishing robust cognitive dimensions for characterization and differentiation of patients with Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, frontotemporal dementia and depression  
Evaluating the Cornell scale for depression in dementia as a proxy measure in nursing home residents with and without dementia  
