1.	Cognitive dysfunction in HIV patients despite long-standing suppression of viremia 
2.	Cognitive effects of quetiapine in a patient with dementia with Lewy bodies 
3.	Cognitive function affects trainability for physical performance in exercise intervention among older adults with mild cognitive impairment 
4.	Cognitive function affects trainability for physical performance in exercise intervention among older adults with mild cognitive impairment. 
5.	Cognitive function and risk for depression in old age: a meta-analysis of published literature. 
6.	Cognitive function and self-care management in older patients with heart failure 
7.	Cognitive function in unipolar major depression: A comparison of currently depressed, previously depressed, and never depressed individuals 
8.	Cognitive function, functional performance and severity of depression in Chinese older persons with late-onset depression 
9.	Cognitive functioning and depressive symptoms in adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease 
10.	Cognitive functioning in euthymic recurrently depressed patients: Relationship with future relapses and prior course of disease 
11.	Cognitive functioning in patients with bipolar disorder: Association with depressive symptoms and alcohol use 
12.	Cognitive functioning, mental health, and quality of life in ICU survivors: an overview. 
13.	Cognitive functions and cognitive styles in young euthymic patients with bipolar i disorder 
14.	Cognitive impairment 3 years after neurological Varicella-zoster virus infection: A long-term case control study 
15.	Cognitive impairment and medication adherence in outpatients with heart failure 
16.	Cognitive impairment and memory loss associated with Histoplasmosis: A case study 
17.	Cognitive impairment as barrier to engagement in vocational services among veterans with severe mental illness 
18.	Cognitive impairment before and six months after cardiac surgery increase mortality risk at median 11 year follow-up: A cohort study 
19.	Cognitive impairment in Type 2 diabetic Egyptian patients 
20.	Cognitive impairment in age-related macular degeneration and geographic atrophy 
21.	Cognitive impairment in depressed older adults: Implications for prognosis and treatment 
22.	Cognitive impairment in early-stage non-demented Parkinson's disease patients 
23.	Cognitive impairment in incident, untreated Parkinson disease: the Norwegian ParkWest study. 
24.	Cognitive impairment with and without depression history: an analysis of white matter microstructure. 
25.	Cognitive impairments and depressive symptoms did not impede upper limb recovery in a clinical repetitive task practice program after stroke: A pilot study 
26.	Cognitive impairments and functional declines in older adults at high risk for care needs 
27.	Cognitive intervention for persons with mild cognitive impairment: A meta-analysis. 
28.	Cognitive outcomes after on- versus off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery 
29.	Cognitive performance in nondemented nonpsychotic parkinson disease patients with or without a history of depression prior to the onset of motor symptoms 
30.	Cognitive performance of GBA mutation carriers with early-onset PD The CORE-PD study 
31.	Cognitive rehabilitation for military personnel with mild traumatic brain injury and chronic post-concussional disorder: Results of April 2009 consensus conference 
32.	Cognitive screening in Asia: Recognizing the role of the patient-family unit 
33.	Cognitive stimulation and rehabilitation in an outpatient clinic: Description and analysis of initial variables [Estimulación y rehabilitación cognitiva en un centro ambulatorio: descripción y análisis de las variables iniciales] 
34.	Cognitive symptom management and rehabilitation therapy (CogSMART) for veterans with traumatic brain injury: Pilot randomized controlled trial 
35.	Cognitive training in older adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment: Impact on cognitive and functional performance [Treino cognitivo em idosos com Comprometimento Cognitivo Leve: Impacto no desempenho cognitivo e funcional] 
36.	Cognitive, Visual, Auditory, and Emotional Factors That Affect Participation in Older Adults 
37.	Cognitive Characteristics Associated with Mild Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease 
38.	Cognitive Dysfunction and Depression in Adult Kidney Transplant Recipients: Baseline Findings from the FAVORIT Ancillary Cognitive Trial (FACT) 
39.	Cognitive Functioning in Patients with Bipolar Disorder: Association with Depressive Symptoms and Alcohol Use 
40.	Cognitive Functioning, Mental Health, and Quality of Life in ICU Survivors: An Overview 
41.	Cognitive Impairments and Depressive Symptoms Did Not Impede Upper Limb Recovery in a Clinical Repetitive Task Practice Program After Stroke A Pilot Study 
42.	Cognitive Impairments in Chronic Heart Failure: A Case Controlled Study 
43.	Cognitive Impairment in Age-related Macular Degeneration and Geographic Atrophy 
44.	Cognitive Impairment in Depressed Older Adults: Implications for Prognosis and Treatment 
45.	Cognitive Performance in Nondemented Nonpsychotic Parkinson Disease Patients With or Without a History of Depression Prior to the Onset of Motor Symptoms 
46.	Cognitive Screening in Asia: Recognizing the Role of the Patient-Family Unit 
47.	Cognitive Symptom Management and Rehabilitation Therapy (CogSMART) for Veterans with traumatic brain injury: Pilot randomized controlled trial 
48.	Cognitive and Affective Changes in Mild to Moderate Alzheimer's Disease Patients Undergoing Switch of Cholinesterase Inhibitors: A 6-Month Observational Study 
49.	Cognitive and Functional Outcome After Out of Hospital Cardiac Arrest 
50.	Cognitive and Neuropsychiatric Profile of the Synucleinopathies Parkinson Disease, Dementia With Lewy Bodies, and Multiple System Atrophy 
51.	Cognitive and affective impairments of a novel SCA/MND crossroad mutation Asidan 
52.	Cognitive and neural correlates of depression-like behaviour in socially defeated mice: an animal model of depression with cognitive dysfunction 
53.	Cognitive and neurochemical alterations in hyperhomocysteinemic rat 
54.	Cognitive but Not Affective Theory of Mind Deficits in Mild Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis 
55.	Cognitive determinants of social functioning after a first ever mild to moderate stroke at vocational age 
56.	Cognitive differences among depressed and non-depressed MCI participants: a project FRONTIER study 
57.	Cognitive dysfunction in HIV patients despite long-standing suppression of viremia 
58.	Cognitive event-related potentials: Longitudinal changes in mild cognitive impairment 
59.	Cognitive function affects trainability for physical performance in exercise intervention among older adults with mild cognitive impairment 
60.	Cognitive function in unipolar major depression: A comparison of currently depressed, previously depressed, and never depressed individuals 
61.	Cognitive functioning and depressive symptoms in adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease 
62.	Cognitive functioning and health related quality of life after rupture of an aneurysm on the anterior communicating artery versus middle cerebral artery 
63.	Cognitive functioning in euthymic recurrently depressed patients: Relationship with future relapses and prior course of disease 
64.	Cognitive functions and cognitive styles in young euthymic patients with bipolar I disorder 
65.	Cognitive impairment in incident, untreated Parkinson disease The Norwegian ParkWest Study 
66.	Cognitive stimulation therapy in the treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease: a randomized controlled trial 
67.	Cohort differences in 3-year adaptation to health problems among Dutch middle-aged, 1992-1995 and 2002-2005 
68.	Combined Clinical and Cognitive Criteria to Identify Mild Cognitive Impairment in a Southern Chinese Community 
69.	Combined duloxetine and benzodiazepine-induced visual hallucinations in prodromal dementia with Lewy bodies 
70.	Commentary on "A roadmap for the prevention of dementia II. Leon Thal Symposium 2008." Who may benefit from disease-modifying studies in Alzheimer's disease? 
71.	Communication among Neurons. Quantitative Measures in Aging and Disease 
72.	Communication difficulty and relevant interventions in mild cognitive impairment: Implications for neuroplasticity 
73.	Comorbidity and treatment decision-making in elderly non-Hodgkin's lymphoma patients: A survey among haematologists 
74.	Comparative study between depression in Korean elderly with mild cognitive impairment and normal cognitive function 
75.	Comparative study between depression in Korean elderly with mild cognitive impairment and normal cognitive function. 
76.	Comparative study between depression in Korean elderly with mild cognitive impairment and normal cognitive function 
77.	Comparative test-retest reliability of metabolite values assessed with magnetic resonance spectroscopy of the brain. The LCModel versus the manufacturer software 
78.	Comparação das habilidades de comunicação na depressão de início tardio e doença de Alzheimer / Comparisonof communication abilities in late onsetdepressionandAlzheimersdisease 
79.	Comparison of Hippocampal Volume Measured Using Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Alzheimer's Disease, Vascular Dementia, Mild Cognitive Impairment and Pseudodementia 
80.	Comparison of Patient and Caregiver Reports of Patient Activity Participation and Its Relationship to Mental Health in Patients With Alzheimer's Disease 
81.	Comparison of language impairment in late-onset depression and Alzheimer's disease 
82.	Comparison of subjective cognitive complaints with neuropsychological tests in individuals withmild vs more severe traumatic brain injuries 
83.	Comparison of subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation and Duodopa in the treatment of advanced Parkinson's disease 
84.	Complaints about impairments in executive functions in Parkinson's disease: The association with neuropsychological assessment 
85.	Comprehensive geriatric assessment in Korean elderly cancer patients receiving chemotherapy 
86.	Computer Activities, Physical Exercise, Aging, and Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Population-Based Study 
87.	Computer activities, physical exercise, aging, and mild cognitive impairment: a population-based study. 
88.	Computerized kinematic analysis of the clock drawing task in elderly people with mild major depressive disorder: An exploratory study 
89.	Computerized kinematic analysis of the clock drawing task in elderly people with mild Major Depressive Disorder: an exploratory study 
90.	Concept and clinical presentation of mild cognitive impairment 
91.	Concord grape juice supplementation improves memory function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment 
92.	Concord grape juice supplementation improves memory function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment. 
93.	Concordance of self- and proxy-rated worry and anxiety symptoms in older adults with dementia 
94.	Consciência da doença na doença de Alzheimer: resultados preliminares de um estudo longitudinal / Awarenessofdisease in Alzheimer'sdisease: preliminaryresultsof a longitudinal study 
95.	Contextual memory and encoding strategies in young and older adults with and without depressive symptoms 
96.	Contributions of frontal and medial temporal lobe functioning to the errorless learning advantage 
97.	Coordinated and circumlocutory semantic naming errors are related to anterolateral temporal lobes in mild AD, amnestic mild cognitive impairment, and normal aging 
98.	Coping Strategies in Multiple Sclerosis Patients with Frontal Cognitive Disorders 
99.	Coping strategies in multiple sclerosis patients with frontal cognitive disorders 
100.	Coronary heart disease is associated with non-amnestic mild cognitive impairment 
101.	Correlates of Subjective and Mild Cognitive Impairment: Depressive Symptoms and CSF Biomarkers. 
102.	Correlates of agitation and depression in nursing home residents with dementia 
103.	Correlates of irritability in college students with depressive symptoms 
104.	Correlation between gray matter volume in the temporal lobe and depressive symptoms in patients with Alzheimer's disease 
105.	Correlation between neuropsychological tests and hypoperfusion in MCI patients: Anatomical labeling using xj view and talairach daemon software 
106.	Correlation of the P300 evoked potential in depressive and cognitive aspects of aging 
107.	Correlation with neuropsychological tests and movement related cortical potentials in assesing mild cognitive impairment and middle stage Alzheimer's disease [Devinime iliskin kortikal potansiyellerin hafif bilissel bozukluk ve orta evre Alzheimer hastali{dotless}gi{dotless}'ni{dotless} degerlendirmede nöropsikolojik testler ile korelasyonu] 
108.	Correlations between cognitive impairment and brain-derived neurotrophic factor expression in the hippocampus of post-stroke depression rats 
109.	Correlations between cognitive impairment and brain-derived neurotrophic factor expression in the hippocampus of post-stroke depression rats 
110.	Cortisol levels and neuropsychiatric diagnosis as markers of postoperative delirium: a prospective cohort study 
111.	Cost and Care of Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: Clinical Predictors in German Health Care Settings 
112.	Could androgens maintain specific domains of mental health in aging men by preserving hippocampal neurogenesis? 
113.	Current Management Decisions in Mild Cognitive Impairment 
114.	Current alcohol consumption and its relationship to incident dementia: results from a 3-year follow-up study among primary care attenders aged 75 years and older 
115.	DIFFUSE DISCONNECTIVITY IN TBI: A RESTING STATE FMRI AND DTI STUDY 
116.	DSM-5: A collection of psychiatrist views on the changes, controversies, and future directions 
117.	De-repression of FOXO3a death axis by microRNA-132 and-212 causes neuronal apoptosis in Alzheimers disease 
118.	Decision-making in older people with dementia 
119.	Decreased Daytime Motor Activity Associated With Apathy in Alzheimer Disease: An Actigraphic Study 
120.	Decreased Rhythmic GABAergic Septal Activity and Memory-Associated theta Oscillations after Hippocampal Amyloid-beta Pathology in the Rat 
121.	Decreased expression of neuronal Per-Arnt-Sim domain protein 4 gene in the hippocampus of a post-stroke depression rat model 
122.	Decreased expression of neuronal per-arnt-sim domain protein 4 gene in the hippocampus of a post-stroke depression rat model 
123.	Decreased serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor levels in elderly Korean with dementia 
124.	Defining neurocognitive impairment in HIV: Deficit scores versus clinical ratings 
125.	Deletion of the immunoglobulin domain of IL1RAPL1 results in nonsyndromic X-linked intellectual disability associated with behavioral problems and mild dysmorphism 
126.	Dementia and Cognitive Impairment in Patients With Parkinson's Disease From India: A 7-Year Prospective Study. 
127.	Dementia and mild cognitive impairment in adults with intellectual disability: Issues of diagnosis 
128.	Dementia and suicidal behavior 
129.	Dementia and suicidal behavior: a review of the literature. 
130.	Dementia assessment and management protocol for doctors in Nepal 
131.	Dementia caregivers' most pressing concerns 
132.	Dementia diagnosis and treatment in Czech neurological and psychiatric practices 
133.	Dementia quality of life instrument - construct and concurrent validity in patients with mild to moderate dementia 
134.	Dementia, neuropsychiatric symptoms, and the use of psychotropic drugs among older people who receive domiciliary care: a cross-sectional study 
135.	Dementia: Does depression predict donepezil response in MCI? 
136.	Demographic Corrections for the Modified Telephone Interview for Cognitive Status 
137.	Demographic corrections for the modified telephone interview for cognitive status 
138.	Depresión y función cognitiva de adultos mayores de una comunidad urbano marginal / Depressionandcognitivefunctionofolderadults in a marginal urbancommunity 
139.	Depressed Mood is Not a Risk Factor for Incident Dementia in a Community-Based Cohort 
140.	Depression History, Depressive Symptoms, and Incident Dementia: The 3C Study 
141.	Depression and Alzheimer's disease: Neurobiological links and common pharmacological targets 
142.	Depression and Incident Dementia. An 8-Year Population-Based Prospective Study 
143.	Depression and anxiety symptoms are associated with cerebral FDDNP-PET binding in middle-aged and older nondemented adults 
144.	Depression and cognitive impairment in patients with mild parkinsonian signs 
145.	Depression and frontal dysfunction: risks for the elderly? 
146.	Depression and protective factors of mental health in people with hepatitis C: A questionnaire survey 
147.	Depression as a Risk Factor or Prodromal Feature for Dementia? Findings in a Population-Based Sample of Swedish Twins 
148.	Depression in cerebral glioma patients: A systematic review of observational studies 
149.	Depression in cognitive impairment 
150.	Depression subtypes and 5-year risk of dementia and Alzheimer disease in patients aged 70 years 
151.	Depression versus dementia: is this construct still relevant? 
152.	Depression, anxiety and cognition in community-dwelling adults aged 70 years and over 
153.	Depression, anxiety-like behavior and memory impairment are associated with increased oxidative stress and inflammation in a rat model of social stress 
154.	Depression, deficits in functional capacity, and impaired glycemic control in urban African Americans with type 2 diabetes 
155.	Depression, non-fatal stroke and all-cause mortality in old age: A prospective cohort study of primary care patients 
156.	Depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, and functional disability in survivors of critical illness in the BRAIN-ICU study: A longitudinal cohort study 
157.	Depression: early warning of dementia? Persistent sadness might be more than just a mood problem--it could be a warning sign of memory impairment. 
158.	Depression History, Depressive Symptoms, and Incident Dementia: The 3C Study 
159.	Depression and Alzheimer's disease: Neurobiological links and common pharmacological targets 
160.	Depression and Anxiety Symptoms Are Associated With Cerebral FDDNP-PET Binding in Middle-Aged and Older Nondemented Adults 
161.	Depression and Incident Dementia. An 8-Year Population-Based Prospective Study 
162.	Depression and Plasma Amyloid beta Peptides in the Elderly With and Without the Apolipoprotein E4 Allele 
163.	Depression and dementia 
164.	Depression and dementia: perspectives from clinical studies 
165.	Depression and protective factors of mental health in people with hepatitis C: A questionnaire survey 
166.	Depression and Cognitive Complaints Following Mild Traumatic Brain Injury 
167.	Depression and cognitive impairment in patients with mild parkinsonian signs 
168.	Depression as a Risk Factor or Prodromal Feature for Dementia? Findings in a Population-Based Sample of Swedish Twins 
169.	Depression as a risk factor for dementia and mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis of longitudinal studies. 
170.	Depression impairs learning, whereas the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, paroxetine, impairs generalization in patients with major depressive disorder 
171.	Depression in Later Life: An Overview with Treatment Recommendations 
172.	Depression in cognitive impairment. 
173.	Depression in dementia: epidemiology, mechanisms, and treatment 
174.	Depression in Cognitive Impairment 
175.	Depression subtypes and 5-year risk of dementia and Alzheimer disease in patients aged 70 years 
176.	Depression versus dementia: is this construct still relevant? 
177.	Depressive Symptom Severity Is Related to Poorer Cognitive Performance in Prodromal Huntington Disease 
178.	Depressive Symptoms Precede Memory Decline, but Not Vice Versa, in Non-Demented Older Adults 
179.	Depressive Symptoms Predict Incident Cognitive Impairment in Cognitive Healthy Older Women 
180.	Depressive Symptoms and Gait Dysfunction in the Elderly 
181.	Depressive Symptoms and Incidence of Mild Cognitive Impairment and Probable Dementia in Elderly Women: The Women's Health Initiative Memory Study 
182.	Depressive Symptoms in Chinese-American Subjects with Cognitive Impairment. 
183.	Depressive Symptoms in Healthy Apolipoprotein E epsilon 4 Carriers and Noncarriers: A Longitudinal Study 
184.	Depressive Symptoms in Oldest-Old Women: Risk of Mild Cognitive Impairment and Dementia 
185.	Depressive Symptoms in Mild Cognitive Impairment Predict Greater Atrophy in Alzheimer's Disease-Related Regions 
186.	Depressive Symptoms and Longitudinal Changes in Cognition: Women's Health Initiative Study of Cognitive Aging. 
187.	Depressive Symptoms in Chinese-American Subjects with Cognitive Impairment. 
188.	Depressive symptom clusters and neuropsychological performance in mild Alzheimer's and cognitively normal elderly 
189.	Depressive symptom severity is related to poorer cognitive performance in prodromal Huntington disease.  
190.	Depressive symptoms and cognitive deficits in a cancer patient submitted to chemotherapy with 5-Fluoracil: A case report [Sintomas depressivos e déficits cognitivos em paciente com câncer submetido a quimioterapia com 5-fluoracil: Relato de caso] 
191.	Depressive symptoms and executive functioning in stroke patients: a follow-up study 
192.	Depressive symptoms and incidence of mild cognitive impairment and probable dementia in elderly women: The women's health initiative memory study 
193.	Depressive symptoms and incidence of mild cognitive impairment and probable dementia in elderly women: the Women's Health Initiative Memory Study. 
194.	Depressive symptoms and level of physical activity in patients with Alzheimer's disease 
195.	Depressive symptoms and longitudinal changes in cognition: Women's health initiative study of cognitive aging 
196.	Depressive symptoms and risk of dementia The Framingham Heart Study 
197.	Depressive symptoms in Parkinson Disease: Degree of association and rate of agreement of clinician-based and self-report measures 
198.	Depressive symptoms in mild cognitive impairment predict greater atrophy in alzheimer's disease-related regions 
199.	Depressive symptoms in oldest-old women: Risk of mild cognitive impairment and dementia 
200.	Depressive symptoms in oldest-old women: risk of mild cognitive impairment and dementia. 
201.	Depressive symptoms in mild cognitive impairment predict greater atrophy in Alzheimer's disease-related regions. 
202.	Depressive symptoms predict cognitive decline and dementia in older people independently of cerebral white matter changes: The LADIS study 
203.	Depressive symptoms predict incident cognitive impairment in cognitive healthy older women 
204.	Depressive symptoms predict incident stroke independently of memory impairments 
205.	Depressive symptoms predict longitudinal change in executive control but not memory 
206.	Depressive symptoms, antidepressant use, and future cognitive health in postmenopausal women: The women's health initiative memory study 
207.	Depressive symptoms, brain volumes and subclinical cerebrovascular disease in postmenopausal women: The Women's Health Initiative MRI Study 
208.	Depressive symptoms and incidence of mild cognitive impairment and probable dementia in elderly women: the Women's Health Initiative Memory Study. 
209.	Depressive symptoms and risk of dementia: the Framingham Heart Study. 
210.	Depressive symptoms and mild cognitive impairment in the elderly: an ominous combination. 
211.	Depressive symptoms in oldest-old women: risk of mild cognitive impairment and dementia. 
212.	Depressive symptoms in mild cognitive impairment predict greater atrophy in Alzheimer's disease-related regions. 
213.	Depressive symptoms predict longitudinal change in executive control but not memory. 
214.	Depressive, functional status, and neuropsychiatric symptom trajectories before an Alzheimer's disease diagnosis 
215.	Depressivesymptomsandcognitivedeficits in a cancerpatientsubmittedtochemotherapywith 5-Fluoracil: a case report / Sintomas depressivos e déficits cognitivos em paciente com câncer submetido a quimioterapia com 5-fluoracil: relato de caso 
216.	Depressão e perfis sociodemográfico e clínico de idosos institucionalizados sem déficit cognitivo / Depressionandsociodemographicandclinical profiles ofinstitutionalizedelderlywithoutcognitivedeficit 
217.	Designing prevention programmes to reduce incidence of dementia: Prospective cohort study of modifiable risk factors 
218.	Detection of Memory Impairment in a Community-Based System: A Collaborative Study 
219.	Determinants of occupational and residential functioning in bipolar disorder 
220.	Determinants of quality of life in nursing home residents with dementia 
221.	Determinants of the desire to institutionalize in Alzheimer's caregivers 
222.	Determining the Predictors of Change in Quality of Life Self-ratings and Carer-ratings for Community-dwelling People With Alzheimer Disease 
223.	Development and Validation of the Memory Orientation Screening Test (MOST (TM)): A Better Screening Test for Dementia 
224.	Development and preliminary evaluation of an integrated treatment targeting parenting and depressive symptoms in mothers of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. 
225.	Development and validation of a short form of the Geriatric Anxiety Inventory - the GAI-SF 
226.	Development and validation of the memory orientation screening test (MOST™): A better screening test for dementia 
227.	Development and validation of the short form of the Brief Cognitive Assessment Tool (BCAT-SF) 
228.	Development of a New Method for Assessing Global Risk of Alzheimer's Disease for Use in Population Health Approaches to Prevention 
229.	Development of the Heart Failure Screening Tool (Heart-FaST) to measure barriers that impede engagement in self-care. 
230.	Development, validity, and reliability of the General Activities of Daily Living Scale: a multidimensional measure of activities of daily living for older people. 
231.	Developmental changes in hippocampal shape among preadolescent children 
232.	Diabetes mellitus and its association with dementia and mild cognitive impairment in elderly mexican urban and rural population [Diabetes mellitus y su asociación con demencia y deterioro cognitivo leve en adultos mayores mexicanos de población urbana y rural] 
233.	Diabetes type II: A risk factor for depression-Parkinson-Alzheimer? 
234.	Diabetic Retinopathy and Cognitive Decline in Older People With Type 2 Diabetes The Edinburgh Type 2 Diabetes Study 
235.	Diagnosing symptomatic HIV-associated neurocognitive disorders: Self-report versus performance-based assessment of everyday functioning 
236.	Diagnosis of psychocognitive complaints or disorders after de novo consultation in a university hospital specialized memory unit 
237.	Diagnostic Accuracy of Statistical Pattern Recognition of Electroencephalogram Registration in Evaluation of Cognitive Impairment and Dementia 
238.	Diagnostic Correlates of Alzheimer Dementia in a U.S. Nationwide Inpatient Sample 
239.	Diagnostic accuracy of statistical pattern recognition of electroencephalogram registration in evaluation of cognitive impairment and dementia 
240.	Diagnostic criteria for apathy in clinical practice 
241.	Diagnostic performance of an executive clock drawing task (CLOX) as a screening test for mild cognitive impairment in elderly persons with cognitive complaints 
242.	Dietary Fatty Acids and Predementia Syndromes 
243.	Dietary fatty acids in dementia and predementia syndromes: epidemiological evidence and possible underlying mechanisms. 
244.	Dietary glycaemic load and odds of depression in a group of institutionalized elderly people without antidepressant treatment 
245.	Dietary ketosis enhances memory in mild cognitive impairment 
246.	Dietary ketosis enhances memory in mild cognitive impairment. 
247.	Difference in nutritional risk between mild cognitive impairment group and normal cognitive function elderly group 
248.	Difference in nutritional risk between mild cognitive impairment group and normal cognitive function elderly group. 
249.	Difference in nutritional risk between mild cognitive impairment group and normal cognitivefunction elderly group 
250.	Differences Exist in the Cognitive Profile of Mild Alzheimer's Disease and Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Dementia 
251.	Differences between clinical subspecialties in the outpatient evaluation and treatment of dementia in an academic medical center 
252.	Differences in Prefrontal, Limbic, and White Matter Lesion Volumes According to Cognitive Status in Elderly Patients with First-Onset Subsyndromal Depression 
253.	Differences in grey and white matter atrophy in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and mildAlzheimer's disease 
254.	Differences in prefrontal, limbic, and white matter lesion volumes according to cognitive status in elderly patients with first-onset subsyndromal depression 
255.	Differences in prefrontal, limbic, and white matter lesion volumes according to cognitive status in elderly patients with first-onset subsyndromal depression. 
256.	Differential Diagnosis of Depression and Alzheimer's Disease Using the Cattell-Horn-Carroll Theory 
257.	Differential impact of apathy and depression in the development of dementia in mild cognitive impairment patients. 
258.	Differential reports of pain and depression differentiate mild cognitive impairment from cognitively intact elderly participants 
259.	Differential reports of pain and depression differentiate mild cognitive impairment from cognitively intact elderly participants. 
260.	Difficulty with learning of exercise instructions associated with 'working memory' dysfunction and frontal glucose hypometabolism in a patient with very mild subcortical vascular dementia with knee osteoarthritis. 
261.	Diffusion tensor imaging of the hippocampus and verbal memory performance: The RUN DMC Study 
262.	Disability in Instrumental Activities of Daily Living in Elderly Patients with Mild CognitiveImpairment and Alzheimer's Disease 
263.	Disability in late-life major depression: Patterns of self-reported task abilities, task habits, and observed task performance 
264.	Disability in late-life major depression: Patterns of self-reported task abilities, task habits, and observed task performance 
265.	Discovery and replication of dopamine-related gene effects on caudate volume in young and elderly populations (N=1198) using genome-wide search 
266.	Discrimination of the cognitive profiles of MCI and depression using the KBNA 
267.	Discrimination of the cognitive profiles of MCI and depression using the KBNA. 
268.	Discrimination of the Cognitive Profiles of MCI and Depression using the KBNA 
269.	Disruption of brain white matter microstructure in primary Sjogren's syndrome: evidence from diffusion tensor imaging 
270.	Distinguishing Sluggish Cognitive Tempo From ADHD in Children and Adolescents: Executive Functioning, Impairment, and Comorbidity 
271.	Distinguishing Sluggish Cognitive Tempo From ADHD in Children and Adolescents: Executive Functioning, Impairment, and Comorbidity 
272.	Distinguishing clinical depression from early Alzheimer's disease in elderly people: Can narrative analysis help? 
273.	Disturbed Neurotransmitter Transporter Expression in Alzheimer's Disease Brain 
274.	Dkk-3 is elevated in CSF and plasma of Alzheimer's disease patients 
275.	Do Centenarians Have Higher Levels of Depression? Findings from the Georgia Centenarian Study 
276.	Do Older T'ai Chi Practitioners Have Better Attention and Memory Function? 
277.	Do Subjective Measures of Attention and Memory Predict Actual Performance? Metacognition in Older Couples 
278.	Do centenarians have higher levels of depression? Findings from the Georgia centenarian study 
279.	Do instrumental activities of daily living predict dementia at 1- and 2-year follow-up? Findings from the development of screening guidelines and diagnostic criteria for predementia Alzheimer's disease study 
280.	Do subjective cognitive complaints correlate with cognitive impairment in systemic lupus erythematosus? A Danish outpatient study 
281.	Do subjective cognitive complaints correlate with cognitive impairment in systemic lupus erythematosus? A Danish outpatient study 
282.	Do the Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery episodic memory measures discriminate amnestic mild cognitive impairment? 
283.	Docosahexaenoic acid-concentrated fish oil supplementation in subjects with mild cognitive impairment (MCI): A 12-month randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial 
284.	Does Anxiety Affect Risk of Dementia? Findings From the Caerphilly Prospective Study 
285.	Does Cognitive Impairment Influence Burden in Caregivers of Patients with Alzheimer's Disease? 
286.	Does Lithium Prevent Alzheimer's Disease? 
287.	Does Religiosity Protect Against Cognitive and Behavioral Decline in Alzheimer's Dementia? 
288.	Does cognitive impairment influence quality of life among nursing home residents? 
289.	Does cognitive impairment predict poor self-care in patients with heart failure? 
290.	Does religiosity protect against cognitive and behavioral decline in alzheimer's dementia? 
291.	Does self-reported sleep quality predict poor cognitive performance among elderly living in elderly homes? 
292.	Does cognitive impairment predict poor self-care in patients with heart failure? 
293.	Donepezil delays progression to AD in MCI subjects with depressive symptoms 
294.	Donepezil delays progression to AD in MCI subjects with depressive symptoms. 
295.	Dopaminergic modulation of memory and affective processing in Parkinson depression 
296.	Dopaminergic modulation of memory and affective processing in Parkinson depression 
297.	Dose-Response Relation Between Physical Activity and Cognitive Function: Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study 
298.	Dose-Response Relation Between Physical Activity and Cognitive Function: Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study 
299.	Driving after concussion: The acute effect of mild traumatic brain injury on drivers' hazard perception.  
300.	Driving performance in persons with mild to moderate symptoms of multiple sclerosis 
301.	Driving performance in persons with mild to moderate symptoms of multiple sclerosis 
302.	Drug consumption and cognitive function in non-institutionalized elderly: A population-based study [Perfil de consumo farmacológico y función cognoscitiva en edad avanzada: Estudio de población general no institucionalizada] 
303.	Drug consumption and cognitive function in non-institutionalized elderly: A population-based study 
304.	Drug utilization patterns in patients with Alzheimer's disease 
305.	Dual task impairments in vascular dementia 
306.	Dual task performance in early Alzheimer's disease, amnestic mild cognitive impairment and depression 
307.	Dual task performance in early Alzheimer's disease, amnestic mild cognitive impairment and depression. 
308.	Dysthymia and Depression Increase Risk of Dementia and Mortality Among Older Veterans 
309.	Dysthymia as a nosological entity. Some thoughts on its epidemiology, etiology and diagnostic usefulness [La distimia como entidad nosológica. Algunas consideraciones clínicas, epidemiológicas, etiológicas y de utilidad diagnóstica] 
310.	Early dementia diagnosis and the risk of suicide and euthanasia 
311.	Early detection of dementia in the community under a community-based integrated care system. 
312.	Early detection of memory impairment in people over 65 years old consulting at Health Examination Centers for the French health insurance: the EVATEM protocol 
313.	Early intervention for cognitive decline: can cognitive training be used as a selective prevention technique? 
314.	Early microstructural white matter changes in patients with HIV: A diffusion tensor imaging study 
315.	Early onset behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia due to the C9ORF72 hexanucleotide repeat expansion: Psychiatric clinical presentations 
316.	Ecological validity of virtual reality daily living activities screening for early dementia: Longitudinal study 
317.	Effect of Aging, Education, Reading and Writing, Semantic Processing and Depression Symptoms on Verbal Fluency 
318.	Effect of a high-intensity functional exercise program on functional balance: Preplanned subgroup analyses of a randomized controlled trial in residential care facilities 
319.	Effect of a purpose in life on risk of incident Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment in community-dwelling older persons 
320.	Effect of a purpose in life on risk of incident Alzheimer disease and mild cognitive impairment in community-dwelling older persons. 
321.	Effect of an E-mental Health Approach to Workers' Health Surveillance versus Control Group on Work Functioning of Hospital Employees: A Cluster-RCT 
322.	Effect of donepezil on the continuum of depressive symptoms, mild cognitive impairment, and progression to dementia. 
323.	Effectiveness and safety of citicoline in mild vascular cognitive impairment: The IDEALE study 
324.	Effectiveness and safety of citicoline in mild vascular cognitive impairment: the IDEALE study 
325.	Effectiveness of a recovery-orientated psychiatric intervention package on the wellbeing of people with early dementia: A preliminary randomised controlled trial 
326.	Effects of Centrally Acting Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitors on Functional Decline in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease 
327.	Effects of Chronic Mild Traumatic Brain Injury on White Matter Integrity in Iraq and Afghanistan War Veterans 
328.	Effects of Problem Solving Therapy on Mental Health Outcomes in Family Caregivers of Persons with a New Diagnosis of Mild Cognitive Impairment or Early Dementia: A Randomized Controlled Trial. 
329.	Effects of Respiratory and Non-respiratory Factors on Disability among Older Adults with Airway Obstruction: The Cardiovascular Health Study 
330.	Effects of Wuling Capsule on Hippocampaldependent Cognitive Changes in Post-strokeDepression Rats 
331.	Effects of a Newly Developed Cognitive Intervention in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment andMild Alzheimer's Disease: A Pilot Study 
332.	Effects of a diet integration with an oily emulsion of DHA-phospholipids containing melatonin and tryptophan in elderly patients suffering from mild cognitive impairment 
333.	Effects of a diet integration with an oily emulsion of DHA-phospholipids containing melatonin and tryptophan in elderly patients suffering from mild cognitive impairment. 
334.	Effects of a diet integration with an oily emulsion of DHA-phospholipids containing melatonin and tryptophan in elderly patients suffering from mild cognitive impairment 
335.	Effects of a newly developed cognitive intervention in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and mild alzheimer's disease: A pilot study 
336.	Effects of a newly developed cognitive intervention in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease: a pilot study. 
337.	Effects of aging and mild cognitive impairment on electrophysiological correlates of performance monitoring 
338.	Effects of anticholinergic drugs on cognitive function in older Australians: Results from the AIBL study 
339.	Effects of anticholinergic drugs on verbal episodic memory function in the elderly: A retrospective, cross-sectional study 
340.	Effects of carotid artery stenting on cognitive function in patients with mild cognitive impairmentand carotid stenosis 
341.	Effects of centrally acting ACE inhibitors on the rate of cognitive decline in dementia 
342.	Effects of centrally acting ACE inhibitors on the rate of cognitive decline in dementia 
343.	Effects of corticosterone and amyloid-beta on proteins essential for synaptic function: Implications for depression and Alzheimer's disease 
344.	Effects of gender on response to treatment with rivastigmine in mild cognitive impairment: A post hoc statistical modeling approach 
345.	Effects of intervention using a community-based walking program for prevention of mental decline: A randomized controlled trial 
346.	Effects of lavender oil inhalation on improving scopolamine-induced spatial memory impairment in laboratory rats 
347.	Effects of mild and global cognitive impairment on the prevalence of fear of falling in community-dwelling older adults 
348.	Effects of n-3 fatty acids, EPA v. DHA, on depressive symptoms, quality of life, memory and executive function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: A 6-month randomised controlled trial 
349.	Effects of n-3 fatty acids, EPA v. DHA, on depressive symptoms, quality of life, memory and executive function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: a 6-month randomised controlled trial. 
350.	Effects of non-pharmacological therapy on normal ageing and on cognitive decline: Reflections on treatment objectives [Efectos de la terapia no farmacológica en el envejecimiento normal y el deterioro cognitivo: Consideraciones sobre los objetivos terapéuticos] 
351.	Effects of non-pharmacological therapy on normal ageing and on cognitive decline: reflections on treatment objectives 
352.	Effects of perceived long-term stress on subjective and objective aspects of memory and cognitive functioning in a middle-aged population-based sample 
353.	Effects of physical and mental activity on the memory in 50-70 year-old-women with mild cognitive impairment 
354.	Effects of raloxifene on cognition, mental health, sleep and sexual function in menopausal women: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials. 
355.	Effects of sleep disorders on the non-motor symptoms of Parkinson disease 
356.	Effects of the coexistence of late-life depression and mild cognitive impairment on white matter microstructure 
357.	Effects of the coexistence of late-life depression and mild cognitive impairment on white matter microstructure. 
358.	Effects of the coexistence of late-life depression and mild cognitive impairment on white matter microstructure 
359.	Effects of the growth hormone-releasing hormone (GH-RH) antagonist on brain functions in mice 
360.	Effects of willing capsule on hippocampaldependent cognitive changes in post-stroke depression rats 
361.	Efficacy and cognitive side effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depressed elderly inpatients with coexisting mild cognitive impairment or dementia 
362.	Efficacy and cognitive side effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depressed elderly inpatients with coexisting mild cognitive impairment or dementia. 
363.	Efficacy and safety of Ginkgo biloba extract EGb 761<sup>®</sup> in mild cognitive impairmentwith neuropsychiatric symptoms: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multi-center trial. 
364.	Efficacy and safety of a once-daily formulation of Ginkgo biloba extract EGb 761 in dementia with neuropsychiatric features: a randomized controlled trial 
365.	Efficacy and Cognitive Side Effects of Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) in Depressed Elderly Inpatients With Coexisting Mild Cognitive Impairment or Dementia 
366.	Efficacy of Short-Term Inpatient Rehabilitation for Dementia Patients and Caregivers: Prospective Cohort Study 
367.	Egocentric and allocentric memory as assessed by virtual reality in individuals with amnestic mild cognitive impairment 
368.	Elderly-onset essential tremor and mild cognitive impairment: A population-based study (NEDICES) 
369.	Elderly-onset essential tremor and mild cognitive impairment: a population-based study (NEDICES). 
370.	Electroconvulsive Therapy for Pediatric Malignant Catatonia With Cerebellar Dysgenesis 
371.	Electroconvulsive stimulation reverses anhedonia and cognitive impairments in rats exposed to chronic mild stress 
372.	Electroconvulsive stimulation reverses anhedonia and cognitive impairments in rats exposed to chronic mild stress 
373.	Electroconvulsive therapy for major depression in an elderly person with epilepsy 
374.	Electroconvulsive therapy in neuroacanthocytosis or McLeod syndrome 
375.	Electromyographic activity in the EEG in Alzheimer's disease: Noise or signal? 
376.	Elevated C-reactive protein levels may be a predictor of persistent unfavourable symptoms in patients with mild traumatic brain injury: A preliminary study 
377.	Elevated C-reactive protein levels may be a predictor of persistent unfavourable symptoms in patients with mild traumatic brain injury: A preliminary study 
378.	Elucidating the severity of preclinical traumatic brain injury models: A role for functional assessment? 
379.	Emotion recognition deficits exist in mildcognitiveimpairment, but only in the amnestic subtype.  
380.	Emotional adjustment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) 
381.	Emotional decoding abilities in Alzheimer's disease: A meta-analysis 
382.	Emotional valence and semantic relatedness differentially influence false recognition in mild cognitive impairment, Alzheimer's disease, and healthy elderly 
383.	Emotional valence and semantic relatedness differentially influence false recognition in mild cognitive impairment, Alzheimer's disease, and healthy elderly. 
384.	Emotional valence and semantic relatedness differentially influence false recognition in mildcognitive impairment, Alzheimer's disease, and healthy elderly 
385.	Engagement in social activities and progression from mild to severe cognitive impairment: the MYHAT study 
386.	Enhancing Memory in Late-Life Depression: The Effects of a Combined Psychoeducation andCognitive Training Program 
387.	Enhancing Psychosocial Support for HIV Positive Adolescents in Harare, Zimbabwe 
388.	Epidemiological Study and Risk Factors of Stroke in Assiut Governorate, Egypt: Community-Based Study 
389.	Epidemiology and Etiology of Alzheimer's disease: From Genetic to Non-Genetic Factors 
390.	Erythrocyte polyunsaturated fatty acid status, memory, cognition and mood in older adults with mild cognitive impairment and healthy controls 
391.	Erythrocyte polyunsaturated fatty acid status, memory, cognition and mood in older adults with mild cognitive impairment and healthy controls. 
392.	Establishing a treatment plan for an elder with a complex and incomplete medical history and multiple medical providers, diagnoses, and medications 
393.	Establishing robust cognitive dimensions for characterization and differentiation of patients with Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, frontotemporal dementia and depression 
394.	Establishing robust cognitive dimensions for characterization and differentiation of patients with Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, frontotemporal dementia and depression. 
395.	Establishing robust cognitive dimensions for characterization and differentiation of patients with Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, frontotemporal dementia and depression 
396.	Ethnic Disparities in the Treatment of Dementia in Veterans 
397.	Evaluating the Cornell scale for depression in dementia as a proxy measure in nursing home residents with and without dementia 
398.	Evaluating the Cornell scale for depression in dementia as a proxy measure in nursing home residents with and without dementia 
399.	Evaluating the impact of treatment for sleep/wake disorders on recovery of cognition and communication in adults with chronic TBI 
400.	Evaluation of CSF biomarkers as predictors of Alzheimer's disease: A clinical follow-up study of 4.7 years 
401.	Evaluation of Suspected Dementia 

